The Frakta (stylized as FRAKTA) is a bag manufactured by IKEA.
This design-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This fashion-related article is a stub.
The cemetery is known today as The Old Soldiers Cemetery.
The information on the historical marker reads as follows:
Tompkinsville National Cemetery.
In 1861, during the Civil War, land was donated by J.B. Evans for the burial of Union soldiers.
By the end of the war, it contained 115 troops who died in this region.
Due to small size the government ordered most soldiers moved to Nashville National Cemetery, 1867.
With five graves left, it became public & no longer a national cemetery.
Still known as "The Old Soldiers Cemetery".
They were coached by Gerry DiNardo.
The Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
6 national ranking, the Tigers' season stunningly fell apart.
The loss at Ole Miss was LSU's first overtime game.
This college football 1990s season article is a stub.
This article related to sports in Baton Rouge, Louisiana is a stub.
A subset of the restriction fragments is then selected to be amplified.
AFLP-PCR is a highly sensitive method for detecting polymorphisms in DNA.
The technique was originally described by Vos and Zabeau in 1993.
[3][2] In detail, the procedure of this technique is divided into three steps:
It is also highly sensitive and reproducible.
In addition, no prior sequence information is needed for amplification (Meudt & Clarke 2007).
Software for analyzing AFLP data
Freeware for analyzing AFLP data
Online programs for simulation of AFLP-PCR
Hamza Saleh Almuzahim (born 12 April 1986) is a Ugandan former cricketer.
Almuzahim was born at Jinja in April 1986.
Almuzahim captained the Uganda Under-19 cricket team in the 2004 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
[3] He made a total of five appearances during the tournament.
[7] He also played in a one-day match on the tour,[4] in addition to making his Twenty20.
[8] He played in four more one-day matches in 2010, against Kenya.
[11] In eight Twenty20 matches, he scored 94 runs at an average of 11.75, and a highest score of 45.
Between 2008 and 2011, he served as speaker of the Slovenian National Assembly.
After finishing a professional school for carpentry, he decided to enroll to the university.
During his student years, Gantar was actively involved in student activities.
Because of this stand, Gantar was expelled from the Communist Party of Slovenia.
In 1989, he obtained his PhD in sociology at the University of Zagreb.
In 1990, he joined the Liberal Democratic Party.
Between 1994 and 2000, he served as the Minister of Environment in the cabinet of Janez Drnovšek.
In 2007, he joined the newly formed social liberal Zares party led by Gregor Golobič.
In 2008, he was re-elected to the Lower House of the Slovenian Parliament.
Soon afterwards, he was elected as its speaker, succeeding France Cukjati.
In February 2012, he replaced Gregor Golobič as the president of Zares.
Sicydium brevifile is a species of goby from the subfamily Sicydiinae.
[2] Specimens are imported into the Aquarium trade from Cameroon.
This Oxudercidae-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Hit Parade (ザ・ヒット・パレード, Za Hitto Parēdo) is a cover album by Puffy AmiYumi (stylized as PUFFY).
10 on Oricon's weekly albums chart.
This article about a Guatemalan politician is a stub.
"We Gon Ride" is a single by New Zealand rapper, Dei Hamo, released in 2004.
On the singles charts, it peaked at # 1 in New Zealand and at # 31 in Australia.
Ex New Zealand rugby/league star Matthew Ridge can be seen in the music video for the song.
This 2000s hip hop song-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to the history of England is a stub.
This 1930s crime film-related article is a stub.
It also has a scattered distribution in the Giant Mountains.
Psodos quadrifaria is found at heights of up to 2,700 metres.
Adults are on wing from the end of May to mid-August and are day active.
There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of various low-growing plants.
This Ennominae-related article is a stub.
This Vienne geographical article is a stub.
He is traditionally regarded as the author of the epic Mahābhārata.
He is one of the eight immortals Chiranjīvis, implying he is still alive in the current Kali yuga.
"[5] Other meanings are "split", "differentiate", or, "describe."
The Vishnu Purana elaborates on the role of Vyasa in Hindu chronology.
The Dvapara Yuga is the third yuga.
The Vishnu Purana (Book 3, Ch 3) says:
This was the struggle between his own ex officio grandsons.
Sanjaya narrates the particulars of the Kurukshetra War, fought in eighteen days, chronologically.
of the (ancient) Indian subcontinent (Bhārata Varsha).
Eighteen chapters of Vyasa's Jaya constitute the Bhagavad Gita, a sacred text in Hinduism.
The Jaya deals with diverse subjects, such as geography, history, warfare, religion and morality.
The 100,000 verses of Vyasa's work Mahābhārata is told by Vaishampayana to Janamejaya.
At 100,000 verses, the Mahābhārata is the longest epic poem ever written.
[26] Badarayana is also called Vyasa, which literally means "one who arranges".
One day, she helped Parashara to cross the river Yamuna.
He was enchanted by her beauty and wanted an heir from her.
Parashara created a secret place in the bushes of a nearby island and a blanket of thick fog.
She conceived and immediately gave birth to a son.
[3] Parashara named him Krishna Dvaipayana, referring to his dark complexion and birthplace.
[29] Dvaipayana became an adult and promised his mother that he would come to her when needed.
Parashara restored Satyavati's virginity, gifted her an enchanting smell and left with his son.
Satyavati kept this incident a secret, not telling even King Shantanu whom she was married to later.
Shantanu and Satyavati had two sons, named Chitrāngada and Vichitravirya.
[31] By this time, Vyasa had compiled the Vedas.
Sage Vyasa was unkempt because of months of meditation in the forest.
Alarmed, Satyavati requested that Vyasa meet Ambika again and grant her another son.
Ambika instead sent her maid to meet Vyasa.
The duty-bound maid was calm and composed; she had a healthy child who was later named Vidura.
When the children of Vichitravirya grew up, Bhishma got them married to different women.
Dhritarashtra was married to Gandhari, princess of Gandhara.
Pandu married Kunti and Madri.
Pandu left the kingdom, leaving Dhritarashtra as the acting king.
After a year, 101 babies were born.
Meanwhile, Pandu's wives, Kunti and Madri, had three and two sons respectively.
Pandu, who was cursed, died because of his attempt to make love with Madri.
Kunti and the Pandavas returned to Hastinapura.
Satyavati, along with her two daughters-in-law, went to the forest.
Vyasa had a son named Shuka, who was his spiritual successor and heir.
He discharges his semen, which falls on some sticks and a son develops.
This time, he was named Shuka because of the role of the celestial parrot.
[3] Shuka appears occasionally in the story as a spiritual guide to the young Kuru princes.
Besides his heir, Vyasa had four other disciples—Paila, Jaimini, Vaishampayana and Sumantu.
[4] Each one of them was given the responsibility to spread one of the four Vedas.
Vyasa is believed to have lived on the banks of Ganga in modern-day Uttarakhand.
Vyasa is also mentioned in the Sankara Digvijaya.
This develops into a debate between Shankara and Vyasa which lasts for eight days.
Recognizing the old Brahmana to be Vyasa, Shankara makes obeisance and sings a hymn in his praise.
Thereupon, Vyasa inspects and approves Shankara's commentary on the Brahma-Sutras.
The festival of Guru Purnima is dedicated to Vyasa.
[39] He is considered the fifth incarnation of Brahma.
The 2011 season was Kelantan's 3rd season in the Malaysia Super League.
Kelantan were defending Malaysia Cup champions, and aimed for 2nd cup this season.
In addition, they were competing in the domestic tournaments, the FA Cup and the Malaysia Cup.
Win Draw Loss Postponed
* Kelantan lost on aggregate 3–5.
Key: = Appearances, = Goals, = Yellow card, = Red card
* On loan from Pahang for Malaysia Cup campaign.
All start dates are pending confirmation.
Jordan Creek is a stream in Johnson County, Iowa, in the United States.
This article related to a river in Iowa is a stub.
This article about the geography of Johnson County, Iowa is a stub.
He was the husband of Welsh novelist Hilda Vaughan.
His maternal grandparents had emigrated to Australia from Pembrokeshire.
His paternal grandparents were from Gloucestershire and Devon in England.
His parents were married in Australia.
Morgan himself was born in Bromley, Kent.
Some of his early poems were published in The Westminster Gazette.
"To America" (1917) was included in A Treasury of World Poetry, edited by George Herbert Clarke.
After World War I, he took his degree at Brasenose College, Oxford.
From 1953 to 1956 he was the President of PEN International, the worldwide association of writers.
He was also very popular in Italy, especially in the 1950s.
He spent long periods in the North, and in Tuscany.
He wrote and set Sparkenbroke in Lucca.
After the specific epithet, Linnaeus gave a short description of each species, and a synonymy.
In the first edition, there were 5,940 names, from Acalypha australis to Zygophyllum spinosum.
NGC 422 is an open cluster located in the constellation Tucana.
It was discovered on September 21, 1835, by John Herschel.
This star cluster–related article is a stub.
Edwin Nesbit Chapman (February 26, 1819 – March 2, 1888) was an American physician.
He graduated from Yale College in 1842 and from Jefferson Medical College with the degree of M.D.
xiv, 504), and also made voluminous contributions to medical periodicals.
He died of paralysis, in Brooklyn, March 2, 1888, at the age of 69.
He was married, March 19, 1846, to Mary A.
This article incorporates public domain material from the 1888 Yale Obituary Record.
Roadies is an American comedy-drama television series created by Cameron Crowe.
The series premiered on Showtime on June 26, 2016.
On September 16, 2016, Showtime announced that the series had been canceled after one season.
The 33rd Brigade was a formation of the Australian Army established at the end of World War II.
It was disbanded in early 1946 and its personnel demobilised.
The 33rd Brigade was formed in late August 1945 at Morotai Island.
[4] The brigade's staff was drawn from the disbanded I Corps headquarters.
[5] Upon establishment, the brigade consisted of the 12th/40th, 63rd, and 64th Infantry Battalions.
All three units were formed as part of the all volunteer Australian Imperial Force.
Under Dyke's command, the 12th/40th deployed from Darwin to Timor in early September.
[10] They were joined by the 63rd Battalion in early October.
On 19 March 1946, the 12th/40th Battalion ceased operations on Timor.
[18][21] Around this time, the brigade returned to Morotai where its headquarters was closed.
Kagenori was the thirteenth Katakura Kojūrō.
Kagenori moved with his father and a group of the Katakura clan retainers to Hokkaidō.
His father was Katakura Kuninori and his mother was Aihime, Date Munehira's daughter.
His son was Katakura Kagemitsu.
This article about a samurai or a samurai-related topic is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
[1] John O'Hanlon (1821–1905) states that the name is due to the church lying beside the sea.
[2] The church gives its name to the parish of Killemlagh in the Barony of Iveragh, County Kerry.
[5] From the church one can see the Skellig Islands.
The megalithic stone structure called the "Pagan's Grave" is nearby.
The site is said to be that of the monastery of Finnian of Clonard.
[6] To the west of the old church, St. Finin's Well is situated by the sea shore.
Killemlagh Church was built in the late 12th century.
[5] Until the mid-17th century, the church was in good condition, but it has since lost its roof.
[6] A new chapel was attached to the original church, which by then was ruined, in the 19th century.
[5] The new parish church is now also roofless.
[6] According to O'Hanlon, writing in 1875,
The thickness of its walls is about three feet, five and a-half inches.
On the east gable, there is a window, constructed of green cut stone.
It has a circular top, on the inside.
This window is eight feet, three inches, high, on the inside, and four feet, two inches, broad.
This was square on the inside—a rude flagstone being placed across it, at top and bottom.
A heap of bones and broken coffins nearly reached to the window, on the inside, in 1841.
Lynch described the church in 1909.
The heads of the windows are semi-circular.
[8] The original doorway was in the west end, but this had been filled in.
The walls were about 11 feet (3.4 m) high above the ground level and 3 feet 6 inches (1.07 m) thick.
Hải Châu is an urban district (quận) of Da Nang in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.
This is the administrative, cultural and commercial center of the city.
The city hall, the main theater and main market are located in Hải Châu.
Da Nang International Airport is just about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) away from the district's center.
Hải Châu is one of the central districts of Da Nang.
Hải Châu is administratively divided into 13 ward (phường):
As of 2003 the district had a population of 197,118.
[1] The district covers an area of 21 km².
The district capital lies at Phước Ninh ward.
This article about a location in Da Nang, Vietnam is a stub.
Garoga Site is an archaeological site located at Ephratah in Fulton County, New York.
It was first excavated by Samuel Frey in the 1800s.
"[3] They estimated that the village might have held 700 people.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
As a decade, the 1960s were the final and most controversial of the Hoover era in the Bureau.
The famous Director had formed and defined the Bureau for nearly a half century.
In those cases, the public would see only gaps in the number sequence reported by the FBI.
He died of hepatitis C at age 70 in prison.
By the end of the decade, the following Fugitives were the FBI's Ten Most Wanted:
The tenth space had just opened up at the end of the year 1969.
In 2013, Impact joined SK Telecom T1 K along with Bengi, Faker, Piglet and PoohManDo.
[9] At the end of the season, SKT parted ways with Impact.
Impact joined Team Impulse ahead of the 2015 season, moving to the LCS in North America.
After the conclusion of the 2015 season, Impact left Team Impulse for NRG Esports.
[48] Cloud9 was matched against Team WE in the quarterfinals, and lost a five game series 2–3.
Impact was also elected Third Team All Pro.
[68][69] In the finals, the team faced Europe's G2, and were swept 0–3 in the finals.
[71] Impact was also named First Team All-Pro.
[74] After winning his fourth title, Impact qualified for his fifth World Championship.
Impact left Team Liquid and joined Evil Geniuses in late 2020, ahead of the Spring 2021 split.
[82] In Spring 2022, the team qualified for playoffs with a 10-9 record.
[83] Impact left Evil Geniuses in November 2022.
This entry is about sailors during the Ming dynasty (1368–1644).
[2] The Min people's skills of navigation brought them a sterling reputation.
Gao Cheng was sent to Ryukyu but he knew nothing about sailing.
His friends recommended him that Min people knew sailing well and he found three sailors.
They had to observe stars at night, sun at day, and compass in cloudy days.
Many ships also had specific men in charge of worshiping sea gods (sixiang).
In Zheng He's fleets, the records of specialization were slightly different.
Anchorman (bandingshou) controls dropping and weighing anchors.
There were also people who repaired the anchors, hulls and sails.
Communication was also vital for sailors during the Ming dynasty.
[4] Sailors thus had to know which sound or visual cue meant.
Knowledge about ocean currents was important to sailors during the Ming dynasty.
Then, water would be calm from twenty first to the end of every month.
There were three main sea gods who enjoyed continual worship: Guan Yu, Mazu, and the God of Boats.
Guan Yu, the Han general, was formally deified by Emperor Wanli in 1615.
Guan Yu was originally a general in the Three Kingdoms period.
He is celebrated by Chinese for his bravery and loyalty.
Later, he was deified as one Daoist god and enjoyed sacrifices for various purposes.
Tianfei, the Heavenly Princess, or Mazu, was the most famous sea goddess in Chinese marine culture.
Originally, she was a Song woman with a surname of Lin born in a county of Fujian, the Min area.
She was granted different titles through the Song, Yuan and Ming governments.
[6] Mazu had a temple in the region of Chiwan, where Shenzhen is today.
It is unknown that when the God of Boats was created, but he was widely worshiped by sailors.
Sailors had their conventional knowledge to predict weather.
Sailors also had their own taboos.
Later, he finds a tortoise-shell in an island.
Master Dissertation, Jinan University, 2011.
Shang Hai: Shang Hai Gu Ji Chu Ban She, 1995.
東西洋考 (Research on Eastern and Western Oceans).
When China Ruled the Seas: The Treasure Fleet of the Dragon Throne.
New York: Oxford University Press.
“The Tangerines and the Tortoise shell” from his Slapping the Table in Amazement (1628).
Translated in Lazy Dragon: Chinese Stories from the Ming Dynasty, by Yang Xianyi and Gladys Yang.
Hong Kong: Joint Publishing Co., 1981. pp.
Science and Civilisation in China,Vol.
Cambridge, England: University Press, 1971.
Her other original work includes Nightschool and Awkward for Yen Press.
She has been nominated for an Eisner Award twice.
[2][3] Previously, she created The Adventures of CG for CosmoGIRL!
magazine and the webcomic Chasing Rainbows for Girlamatic.
She then began to publish her manga on the Internet.
[4] According to her website, she is married and has a toddler.
Her husband manages her website.
Other works by Chmakova include The Adventures of CG for CosmoGIRL!
magazine and the Chasing Rainbows and Night Silver webcomics.
Her art also appears in Mangaka America[6] and Flight.
[9] Brave, a sequel to Awkward, was announced on April 25, 2016.
Creator Svetlana Chmakova doesn't skimp on character development or plot progression.
Dramacon was nominated for an Eisner Award in 2007.
Nightschool won the Dragon Award for Kids Comics at the Shuster Awards in 2010.
Awkward was named as one of School Library Journal's Top 10 Graphic Novels of 2015.
[15] It was also named by YALSA on their list of the 2016 Great Graphic Novels for Teens.
Brave has received largely positive reviews by book critics.
[19] Brave was later named as one of the School Library Journal's Top 10 Graphic Novels of 2017.
[23] Brigid Alverson named it one of her top 10 graphic novels for kids in 2017.
The Weirn Books: Be Wary of the Silent Woods was nominated for the 2021 Joe Shuster Awards.
Devipuram is a Hindu temple complex located near Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Awakening from his meditative state, Guruji was prompted to dig that site.
Unearthed from that very spot, he found a Sri Chakra Maha Meru made of panchaloha.
Soon afterward, "Guruji had visions of the Devi as a 16-year-old girl.
Construction of the Sahasrakshi Meru Temple in Devipuram was started in 1985.
Subba Rao Kompella and Wijayaharan were among the first people to be initiated by Guruji.
Devipuram has also become a hub for spiritual and rural empowerment workshops and seminars.
In 2005, news reports noted that a spiritual retreat would be developed at Devipuram.
Devipuram has remarkable high female involvement.
However, Hinduism has both a mom and a dad.
Indians traditionally define themselves by caste and kin.
For generations, these identifiers determined a person's marriage, residence, religion, and diet.
In 1901, only 11.4% of India's population lived in urban centers (Singh, 1978).
By 2001, just one hundred years later, 28.5% of the population was living in an urban setting.
Today, over 32% of India's population lives in cities (2015, Central Intelligence Agency).
This breakdown of social solidarity resulted for some individuals in anomie.
The term anomie is derived from a Greek word meaning "without law".
During this transition, people find themselves lacking social laws to follow.
They no longer know to what group or entity they should look to for their social norms.
This displacement causes anomie.
Indian women are especially subject to anomie.
Within the multi-generational household women know what their dharma is and how to fulfill it.
They lose this sure social role, however, when transplanted into a nuclear home.
She does not know her own role in this new system.
Thus, it promises them relief from anomie.
Devi is a whole entity, comprising every god and living within every deity.
They learn that Devi lives in them as well as in everyone around them.
The Sri Chakra is worshiped through the Navavarana ritual.
This puja is always done among a large group.
Starting from 1973, he was a member of the Estonian Writers Union.
Vlahing was born in Aravu, Põlva County.
He acted in several Estonian films.
Vahing was married to writer Maimu Berg and actress Heli Vahing.
Berton E. Spivy Jr. began his military career at the United States Military Academy at West Point.
He also attended the British Land/Air Warfare School and the National War College.
Spivy held a variety of staff and command positions while in the United States, Europe, and Asia.
In 1960, he returned from Korea to command the 1st Field Artillery Missile Brigade at Fort Sill.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Army (PDF).
Archived from the original (PDF) on 2003-12-24.
Paramyiolia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.>
These four species belong to the genus Paramyiolia:
Data sources: i = ITIS,[1] c = Catalogue of Life,[2] g = GBIF,[3] b = Bugguide.net[4]
This Trypetinae-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
For other countries see List of World War II aces by country.
Okazaki (written: 岡崎) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Southall Black Sisters (SBS) is a non-profit organisation based in Southall, West London, England.
They supported her in the case, and were eventually successful.
The Council sought to justify its decision on the grounds of "equality", "cohesion" and "diversity".
[8] The award is named for Bob Hepple, the former lawyer of Nelson Mandela.
[9] In 2011, Patel was named in The Guardian as one of the Top 100 Women Activists and Campaigners.
The novel is a "story within a story".
[4] Tichy then proceeds to tell the story of the professor.
The doomsday conclusion was derived from the following "Dońda's Law":
This means that the enormity of information will manifest itself directly.
Simply, how much information weighs.
So I had to devise this whole project.
The machine became 0.01 grams heavier: that is the weight of the information entered."
Russian Wikiquote has quotations related to: Профессор А. Донда
It stars Flora Martínez as the title character alongside Unax Ugalde and Manolo Cardona.
It is a co-production among companies from Mexico, Spain, Colombia, Brazil, and France.
It is reportedly the second highest-grossing film in Colombian history.
However, Emilio's family rejects the relationship, which crushes Emilio.
Antonio continues his own platonic relationship with Rosario as her confidante.
Antonio takes her to the emergency room, from where he relates her story.
It was theatrically released in Spain on 26 May 2006.
RCN produced a TV series that is currently being shown on its network in Colombia.
María Fernanda Yépez, a Colombian actress, stars as Rosario Tijeras in the TV series.
Antonio notices her for the first time in five years and seeks to be with her once again.
The series ends with Rosario having a makeshift memorial made near her old home where she live
The Norwegian Nobel Institute (Norwegian: Det Norske Nobelinstitutt) is located in Oslo, Norway.
The institute is located at Henrik Ibsen Street 51 in the center of the city.
It is situated just by the side of the Royal Palace.
The institute was established in 1904 in Kristiania (today Oslo).
The institute also has its own research department, organizing research related to peace and war.
The institute awards a few annual visiting fellowships to distinguished international scholars.
The institute's director is Olav Njølstad.
This article about an organisation based in Norway is a stub.
This article about a Norwegian building or structure is a stub.
[1] The expedition ended in 1115 in the conquest of the Balearics, but only until the next year.
The main source for the event is the Pisan Liber maiolichinus, completed by 1125.
In 1085 Pope Gregory VII had granted suzerainty over the Balearics to Pisa.
It affirms that the meeting was unplanned and apparently arranged by God.
The chief goal was the freeing of Christian captives and the suppression of Muslim piracy.
[11] Bernard Ato IV, the chief of the Trencavel family, also participated.
[13] Ibiza was under Crusader control by August.
[12] The Crusaders invested Palma de Majorca in August 1114.
[13] In April 1115 the city capitulated and its entire population was enslaved.
The independent Muslim taifa ruler was taken back to Pisa a captive.
[15] The greatest victory, however, was the annihilation of Majorcan piracy.
The conquest of the Balearics lasted no more than a few months.
In 1116 they were reconquered by the Almoravids of peninsular Iberia.
James O'Connell (August 22, 1858 – October 30, 1936) was an American labor union leader.
In 1899, he represented the AFL at the annual Trades Union Congress in England.
In addition, from 1901, he served on the executive of the National Civic Federation.
In 1926, O'Connell argued for an end to Prohibition.
O'Connell retired in 1935, and died three years later.
The 35th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China took place on 1 October 1984.
China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping inspected the troops along Chang'an Avenue in Beijing.
This parade was immediately followed by a civilian parade.
"We want peaceful reunification with Taiwan, which is part of our sacred territory.
Our policy in this regard is also known to all and will not change.
It is an irresistible trend, and sooner or later it will become a reality.
[10] as it was the first to showcase Chinese made equipment.
At 10:29 a.m. Military Parade began
In order of appearance (A bolded unit indicates that this is its first appearance)
A 1,200 piece band was present for the musical accompaniment to the parade.
Hungary competed at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in Eugene, Oregon, from 15 to 24 July.
[1] Hungary entered 2 athletes.
[1] The final score was NFC 13, AFC 7.
[2] The referee was Jerry Markbreit in his second year as a referee.
Ahmad Rashad of the Minnesota Vikings was named the game's Most Valuable Player.
Mattiastrum is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Boraginaceae.
Its native range is Crete to Pakistan.
[2] It was first described and published in Repert.
MCM-41 (Mobil Composition of Matter No.
The pores are larger than with zeolites and the pore distribution can easily be adjusted.
[4] The mesopores have a diameter of 2 nm to 6.5 nm.
The acidity of alumina-doped MCM-41 therefore is comparable to that of the amorphous alumosilicates.
These micelles form templates that help build up the mesoporous framework.
For MCM-41 mostly cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) is used.
The surfactant first forms rod-like micelles that subsequently align into hexagonal arrays.
After adding silica species these cover the rods.
The organic template is oxidized and disappears.
MCM-41, as the zeolites, are widely used as catalytic cracking.
[3][4][5] She reprised her role in the 1933 Hollywood film version of the same.
[6] She was married to the actor Hugh Sinclair (1903 - 1962).
[7] Besides her acting credits, she also co-wrote the screenplay to the 1947 movie Take My Life.
[1] The site has an area of 8.67 hectares (21.4 acres) and is managed by Natural Resources Wales.
This site is designated due to its biological qualities.
The site has an unusually high number of different butterfly species found around the bracken.
The woodland areas of the site are particularly important for lichens typical of ancient woodland.
This article about a location in Wales is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Compass is the second studio album by Australian tenor, Mark Vincent.
The album includes the title track "Compass" which was written by Dianne Warren especially for Mark.
^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.
The stores sell both groceries and various household products.
Locations in Tennessee include:
There are also other stores signed "Food Rite" in the area that are under separate management.
They may or may not have at one time been part of the same company:
In addition, there are various other stores located throughout the country with the same name.
Group 1 and 2 winners since the previous August are prohibited from entering.
Born in Ziguinchor, Senegal, he moved in Cuneo, Italy with his family soon afterwards.
He has two brothers who are also footballers: Lys and Maurice.
[4] He is a dual citizen of Italy and Senegal.
[5] He is of Bissau-Guinean descent through his maternal family.
[7] On 14 September, he made his debut against Spezia, which ended 1–0 for the Rossoblu.
[13] However, Gomis himself was injured soon after his arrival.
[14] He made his debut for Bologna in Coppa Italia against Verona.
[17] He was recalled by Torino, and on 18 January 2018 he was loaned to Salernitana in Serie B.
On 8 July 2017, Gomis joined SPAL on loan with an obligation to buy at the end of the loan period.
[20] The permanent deal for undisclosed fee was announced on 20 June 2018.
On 20 August 2019, Gomis joined Dijon FCO from SPAL for an undisclosed fee on a four-year-contract.
On 27 January 2023, Gomis returned to Italy and joined Como in Serie B for the rest of the season.
Gomis was called up to Italy under-20 in 2013 by Luigi Di Biagio, but did not make any appearances.
A starter on this occasion, he remained on the field for 68 minutes without conceding a goal.
In May 2018 he was named in Senegal's 23 man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
[28] He participated in the 2021 AFCON.
Anarchism was reported to have been extant in Sweden by Mikhail Bakunin as early as 1866.
Following the revolutions of 1989, Swedish interest in anarcho-syndicalism was revived.
Yahagi had two sister ships, Chikuma and Hirado.
She was named after the Yahagi River, which runs through Nagano, Gifu and Aichi prefectures.
The engine had 16 Kampon boilers, which exhausted though four tall smokestacks.
These gun were supplemented by four QF 12-pounder 12 cwt naval guns and two 7.7 mm Lewis guns.
In addition, she carried three torpedo launchers with 457 mm (18 in) torpedoes.
This squadron was based at Singapore and commanded by Rear Admiral Kozaburo Oguri.
Yahagi continued to patrol the eastern coasts of Australia and New Zealand from May to October 1917.
A memorial at the burial site in 1938 still stands in Valenzuela still stands today.
The hulk was scrapped from 31 January 1947 to 8 July 1947.
Rogers died of an enlarged heart when she was 50 in 1952 in Taos, New Mexico.
[1] The museum was first opened in a temporary location in the mid-1950s.
[2][3] In the 1980s, it was renovated and expanded by noted architect Nathaniel A.
Millicent's mother, Mary B. Rogers, was the benefactress for much of the Pueblo Indian works.
Many of the works on paper portrayed the daily lives of Southwest Pueblo peoples.
In 1993, the collection featured Cuban-American artist Agnez Chavez's Light Forms: Jungle Rhythms.
The museum's holdings include examples of such craftsmanship.
[1] Patterson was born to British parents in New Zealand in 1902.
Shortly afterwards the family moved to Montreal, Canada and later to London, England.
In 1920 Patterson moved to Canada for college at McGill University, Montreal.
Firstly he concentrated on Mathematics and but then changed his major to Physics.
He received his bachelor's degree in 1923 and a master's in 1924.
In 1927 he returned to McGill, finishing his work for the PhD degree in 1928.
Edward Henry Halicki (December 23, 1905 – April 27, 1986) was an American football player.
Halicki was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania, in 1905.
He graduated from Hanover Township High School in 1925.
[1] He was the captain of Hanover's football, basketball, and baseball teams.
On the football team, he was co-captain as a senior and played at the fullback position.
He became known as the "man with the iron mask.
He finished the 1930 season with the Minneapolis Red Jackets.
He appeared in a total of 32 NFL games, 19 of them as a starter.
He scored 74 points during his NFL career (10 touchdowns, one field goal, and 11 extra points).
[5][7] He also played professional baseball in the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
After his football career ended, he lived in the Askam section of Hanover Township, Pennsylvania.
He was a teacher at Hanover Township High School for nearly 40 years from 1932 to 1971.
[1] He was also Hanover's football coach for 20 years, compiling a record of 92-77-1.
[2][9][10] He also served in the United States Navy during World War II.
He died in 1986 at age 80 at St. Stanislaus Medical Center in Sheatown, Pennsylvania.
(all Latin Church missionaries)
Holcomb is a city in Finney County, Kansas, United States.
[1] As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 2,245.
[3] It is located south of Highway 50.
Holcomb took its name from a local hog farmer.
[4] The city was a station and shipping point on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
[5] The first post office in Holcomb was established in December 1909.
There was no Clutter safe, nor was there any substantial amount of cash in the home.
The 2006 film Infamous, starring Toby Jones as Capote, covers much of the same material.
The population density was 1,551.1 inhabitants per square mile (598.9/km2).
There were 680 housing units at an average density of 503.7 per square mile (194.5/km2).
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.5% of the population.
The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 3.62.
The median age in the city was 28.9 years.
The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.
The population density was 1,730.1 inhabitants per square mile (668.0/km2).
There were 608 housing units at an average density of 519.2 per square mile (200.5/km2).
The average household size was 3.42 and the average family size was 3.62.
For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.
Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,652 for females.
The per capita income for the city was $14,264.
The community is served by Holcomb USD 363 public school district.
Born in England, he plays for the Montserrat national team.
On 21 October 2019, Dorsett signed his first professional contract with Reading.
[2] Dorsett made his professional debut with Reading in a 1-0 FA Cup loss to Luton Town F.C.
On 20 August 2021, Dorsett joined Rochdale on a season long loan.
[4] He was then loaned to Kilmarnock in August 2022.
On 11 July 2023, Dorsett signed a new one-year contract with the club, until the summer of 2024.
Dorsett represented England at U17 and U18 level.
Spring Valley Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States, and an enclave of Houston.
The population was 4,229 at the 2020 U.S.
In 1936 state highway maps indicated a cemetery and a church.
Initially the settlement consisted of one and one-half square miles.
[6] The city incorporated in 1955 as Spring Valley.
[5] There had been two elections for incorporation.
[8] In 1960 the city had 3,004 residents and two businesses.
The city had 3,800 residents in 1976 and 3,392 residents in 1990.
In 2007, the name of the city was officially changed from Spring Valley to Spring Valley Village.
[9] Regardless of the name change, all postal addresses in Spring Valley Village are Houston-based.
In 2019, the American Community Survey estimated the population of Spring Valley Village was 4,319.
The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.09.
The median age was 43.4 years.
As of 2023 the mayor of Spring Valley Village is Marcus Vajdos.
Spring Valley Village is located in District 133 of the Texas House of Representatives.
Jim Murphy represents the district.
The SIP code, which includes Hedwig Village, gave $540,309 by October 24, 2008.
The nearest public hospital is Ben Taub General Hospital in the Texas Medical Center.
The Village Fire Department serves all of the Memorial Villages.
Spring Valley Village is served by the Spring Branch Independent School District.
Spring Branch School of Choice is located in Spring Valley Village.
The 10,500-square-foot (980 m2) branch opened in 1975.
The Houston Chronicle is the metropolitan newspaper.
The Memorial Examiner is a local newspaper distributed in the community.
For a complete listing, see list of cities and towns in Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land MSA
The first meeting was publicized in an announcement in the St. Paul Pioneer Press.
This bill was passed in 1899 and was considered a major accomplishment for MLA.
[6] This was approved, and courses were soon offered.
The 1908 annual meeting occurred at the ALA Annual Conference that was held at Lake Minnetonka.
Membership originally was a one dollar fee with no annual dues.
By 1898, annual dues were set at fifty cents.
Membership dues continued to increase, but as of 1910, there were 125 members.
By 1939, members approved another new constitution.
Each successive constitution both reflected and defined MLA’s activities.
The MLA continued to influence state legislation.
The American Library Association’s influence guided much of MLA’s plans and decisions.
MLA followed ALA’s lead on such issues as children’s services, certification and standardization.
MLA became a chapter of ALA in 1921, and a leader in working with other state associations.
In 1997 when heavy rains flooded many Minnesota libraries, MLA established a Disaster Relief Fund.
The following persons have been president of the association:[9]
Media related to Willem Wijthoff at Wikimedia Commons
This article about a mathematician is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Siskiyou Mountains salamander is rich brown in color with white speckles.
It is about 9 cm (4 in) long, not counting the tail, which is variable in length.
Like all of the plethodontids, it lacks lungs and respires through its moist skin.
It stays underground during hot periods and freezes.
Plethodon stormi is an IUCN Red List endangered species in California.
Logging and damming have reduced its habitat.
It has been named the Scott Bar salamander (Plethodon asupak).
He started his career in 1962 as a radio actor at the Finnish state-owned broadcasting company YLE.
He also starred in Jim Jarmusch's 1991 film Night on Earth.
His private life melded seamlessly with his acting work.
He was considered a natural bohemian, and a genuine everyman without ego.
He had a tattoo of Snoopy on his left bicep.
Pellonpää was the frontman for the band Peltsix (1989–1995).
Peltsix gained cult following with its tragic, and at the same time, comic songs.
Peltsix's songs were composed by Pale Saarinen, Kari Makkonen and Jukka Haikonen.
Matti Pellonpää died of a heart attack on 13 July 1995 at the age of 44.
He was buried in the Malmi Cemetery.
In 1996, Pellonpää was one of the people commemorating 100 years of Finnish Cinema on a stamp.
Sreenarayanapuram Mahavishnu Temple is an ancient Vishnu temple in Kerala, India.
[1] It is at Manakala[2] (in Pathanamthitta) about 4 km (2.5 mi) from Adoor.
Sreenarayanapuram Temple is known for the annual Dasavatarachartu festival.
The Apprentice: You're Fired!
The show was originally hosted by Brendan O'Connor in 2008 and then by Anton Savage from 2010.
In May 2012, TV3 announced that it would not be renewing the Apprentice for a new series.
In 2013, The Apprentice: You're Fired!
was shown after each episode of Celebrity Apprentice Ireland, and was hosted by Anton Savage.
This Irish television programme–related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
[3] This reservoir is also fed from the Wayoh and the Turton and Entwistle reservoirs.
Elnias Šiauliai was a Lithuanian football club from Šiauliai.
It was founded by Elnias leather and shoes factory.
It was the most accomplished football club from Šiauliai during Soviet times.
Elnias had the most wins (7) in Lithuanian SSR Top League (1945–1989).
This article about a Lithuanian football club is a stub.
Fabricio Bautista Fontanini (born 30 March 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer.
He plays as a right-footed centre-back for Atlético de Rafaela.
On 11 July 2013, he swapped his old club Atlético de Rafaela for San Lorenzo.
On 28 July 2016, Fontanini was signed by Italian Serie B club Vicenza Calcio.
[3] On 17 November he was released.
The Rockland Public Library is located at 80 Union Street in central Rockland, Maine.
The library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 for its architecture.
The library was built in 1903-04, and was funded in part by a $20,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie.
It was designed by Maine native George Clough, then in partnership with Herbert Wardner.
In 1915, the building was wired for electricity.
Vladimír Borský (1904–1962) was a Czech film actor, screenwriter and film director.
This Czech biographical article is a stub.
From 1 July 2018 Housing SA and Renewal SA were merged into the South Australian Housing Authority.
This role was most developed during Thomas Playford's 26 years as LCL premier (1938–1965).
After the Second World War the trust became one of the most powerful state authorities.
[3] The architect G. R. Shedley was a major contributor to this program.
In 2004, the way in which SAHT services were delivered changed.
North Athletic Complex (2017-19)
The school's team currently competes in the Horizon League.
Coach B, as he is respectfully called, has continued to raise the standard for the program.
The Colonials have won 20 or more games in 13 seasons.
The Colonials have appeared in the NCAA tournament six times.
The Colonials have appeared in two Women's National Invitation Tournaments (WNIT).
The Colonials have appeared in one Women's Basketball Invitational (WBI).
Mangalam Muthuswamy (1937–2007) was one of the notable vainikas in recent times.
Mangalam was born in a musical family at Sivaganga.
She received initial training in the Veena from her own mother, Smt.
Lakshmibai Ammal, a disciple of Sri Pallavi Ramaswamy Raju.
Association with Radio and TV Networks
Mangalam gave her maiden performance on the All India Radio at the age of 11.
She also went on to become a performing artiste at the Doordarshan Kendra, Mumbai.
She also went on to play for several TV documentaries, the most important being, the "Abode of God".
She returned to Greece after liberation in October 1944 and was decommissioned in 1946.
This article about a specific naval ship or boat is a stub.
This article related to the military of Greece is a stub.
A previous riot in Amsterdam happened in 1966.
Authorities did little to stop them before the events of 1980.
The mayor of Amsterdam at the time, Wim Polak, decided to start cracking down on squatters.
The rioters threw objects and petrol bombs, and police responded with tear gas.
Street fights continued until 3 March.
A tank that was deployed, driven by Major Tom van Erk, managed to demolish the barricades.
Fifty police officers were hurt during the events.
Another massive squatting protest happened on 30 April 1980 during the coronation of Queen Beatrix.
In 2010, the Dutch parliament voted to ban squatting entirely.
Notable people with the surname include:
It has a post office with the ZIP code 43149.
As of the 2020 census the population of the CDP was 160.
A post office called Rockbridge has been in operation since 1863.
This Hocking County, Ohio state location article is a stub.
This biographical article about a United States activist is a stub.
She won the silver medal at the 1959 UCI Road World Championships.
This biographical article relating to Soviet cycling is a stub.
The incident was reported to have occurred on 10 October 2014 at around 4 pm.
The party was established by Constantin Stere after he left the National Peasants' Party (PNȚ).
In the 1931 general elections, PȚD–Stere ran in an alliance with the League Against Usury (LCC).
The alliance received 2.8% of the vote, winning six seats in the Chamber of Deputies.
The LCC took one seat and the PȚD-Stere took five.
[1] The party ran alone in the 1932 elections, receiving 1.4% of the vote and losing all five seats.
It later merged into the new Radical Peasants' Party (PȚD) established the following year.
This article about a Romanian political party is a stub.
Lobster clasps are often used for necklaces, bracelets, and keychains.
Jean-José Cuenca (born 22 April 1986) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Cuenca made eight league appearances but was released at the end of the 2008–09 season.
Isostola rhodobroncha is a moth of the family Erebidae.
It was described by Felder in 1874.
This Pericopina-related article is a stub.
This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Nebraska.
308: Western Nebraska, including Grand Island and Kearney
402/531: Eastern Nebraska, including Omaha and Lincoln, overlaid in 2011[1]
Under the original North American Numbering Plan of 1947, area code 402 covered all of Nebraska.
Kaszew has very welcoming families, especially the Żerkowscy family.
Kaszew has two shops but recently one of them has been closed down due to lack of customers.
This Sieradz County location article is a stub.
This was the start of what would become the city of Kanazawa.
In 1580, Oda Nobunaga sent his general Sakuma Morimasa to conquer Kaga Province.
The new castle originally had a six-story tenshu, which burned down in 1602 and was never rebuilt.
The castle burned down in 1631, and was modified extensively at that time.
The castle burned down again in the Great Kanazawa Fire 1759.
Most of the surviving structures in the Ni-no-maru enclosure were destroyed in a fire of 1881.
From 1949 to 1989, a portion of the castle site was turned over to Kanazawa University.
The castle was designated a National Historic Site in 2008.
Most of the current buildings are reconstructions based how the castle looked in the 1850s.
The castle is built on the highest ground between the Sai and Asano rivers.
A system of moats and canals surround the castle for extra protection.
To supply drinking water, a series of canals, built from 1583-1630, connected to the moat system.
In total, the system was nearly 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) long.
The castle's distinctive, whitish roof tiles are made of lead.
The castle's main features are as follows:
Media related to Kanazawa Castle at Wikimedia Commons
The ESM commenced its operations after an inaugural meeting on 8 October 2012.
The Cyprus bank recapitalization was funded by converting bank deposits into equity.
In order to resolve the issue, the German government felt a treaty amendment would be required.
The amendment simply changes the EU treaties to allow for a permanent mechanism to be established.
The Treaty establishing the ESM entered into force on 27 September 2012 for 16 signatories.
[4] The treaty entered into force for them on 13 March 2014.
[4] Latvia's contribution to the ESM will be €325 million.
[30] Lithuania adopted the euro on 1 January 2015, and acceded to the ESM on 14 January 2015.
They became a member on 3 February 2015.
[32] The ESM for its part offered loans of €240 billion in May 2020.
[33] But no country accepted the loan.
The reform proposal was blocked for months because of the veto of the Italian government.
[41] The proposed amendments include:[42][43]
It has about 145 personnel, who are also responsible for the EFSF.
The organization is led by a managing director appointed for a five-year term.
The first managing director Klaus Regling was appointed in 2012.
[8][19] In 2012, Jean-Claude Juncker (Luxembourg) was appointed to this position.
[45] The board consists of Ministers of Finance of the member states.
Each member state appoints one Director and an alternate.
If needed, a majority of the ESM board can also decide to accelerate the payment schedule.
In Estonia a group of MPs have called for a referendum on the treaty.
However, this motion was defeated in parliament by 56 votes against, with 33 voting for.
Ten members of the Bundetag founded the Alliance Against the ESM.
Both opposition parties the Finns Party and the Centre Party oppose the ESM.
Left Front and left wing presidential candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon[139] oppose the ESM.
The Socialist Party opposes the ESM.
An opposition liberal party Freedom and Solidarity is a staunch opponent of the ESM.
In 2020, the Delors Centre think tank proposed a major reform to the ESM by bringing it into EU law.
It runs east and west and is always no more than two lanes wide.
Within the Starke city limits, and slightly beyond, the road is known as Call Street.
SR 230 contains two endings at SR 16.
The first is an extension for westbound traffic.
County Road 230A is a spur of State Road 230 southeast of Starke.
It runs north from CR 100A to SR 230.
This Florida road-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It was won by Republican candidate Scott Brown.
A party primary election determining the winners of party nominations was held on December 8, 2009.
Polls closed at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time.
At 9:06 p.m., BNO News projected Brown as the winner of the race.
As of 2023[update], this is the last congressional election in Massachusetts won by a Republican.
That range placed the election date between January 17 and February 1, 2010.
Patrick was legally required to select one of these two dates.
Non-party candidates had a December 8, 2009, filing deadline.
The candidate additionally must not have been enrolled in any other party in the prior year.
The legislation was enacted over Romney's veto.
[32] The General Court held its first hearing on the legislation on September 9.
Kirk was sworn into office on Friday, September 25, 2009.
[39] He pledged not to be a candidate in the special election.
Brown announced his candidacy on September 12, 2009.
[51][52] On September 11, Card declined to run and offered his support to Brown.
Scott Brown considered himself a fiscal conservative and Washington, D.C.
[47] He said "I have always thought that being in government service is a privilege, not a right.
This Senate seat doesn't belong to any one person or political party.
Brown also pledged to be the 41st vote against the current health care reform bill in the Senate.
Coakley denies all accusations of misconduct.
The second ad was meant to depict Scott Brown as a Wall Street crony.
[81][82] Coakley stated she was aware of the incident but unsure of exactly what happened.
Coakley's role in the case of Keith Winfield attracted criticism.
She recommended about ten months after the indictment that Winfield be released, without bail.
He opposes government spending by both the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations.
CQ Politics and Cook Political Report rated the election[when?]
The Rothenberg Political Report changed its rating from "Tossup" to "Lean Takeover" on January 18.
He said, "That's really up to the hospital.
There are many, many hospitals that can deal with that situation.
He also described her parenting role as "alleged family responsibilities."
Several Massachusetts LGBT activists condemned the statement.
Scott Brown had $367,150 cash on hand.
Brown spent $450,000 on television advertisements, while Coakley spent $1.4million.
Approximately US$23 million was spent on the election.
All three candidates participated in the debates.
The first was held on the Jim & Margery show in Boston on January 5, and broadcast by WTKK.
The January 8 debate was held in Springfield, Massachusetts and broadcast by WGBY-TV.
[citation needed] The national Tea Party Express endorsed Brown.
Polls closed at 8:00pm Eastern Time.
At 9:06pm BNO News projected Brown as the winner of the race.
[5] At 9:13 p.m., The Boston Globe reported that Coakley telephoned Brown and conceded the election.
The final results certified on February 4, 2010 were:[135]
Source: Leip, David (January 19, 2010).
"2010 Senatorial Special Election Data Graphs – Massachusetts".
[137][138] Brown won in 229 of those 351 municipalities, while Coakley won in 121.
Coakley and Brown tied in the small town of Hawley, each receiving 63 votes.
Voter turnout in the 2010 special election was significantly lower than in the 2008 election.
Turnout fell 30% among towns that supported Obama by over 60%.
"After that, it was like riding a rocket ship for 2½ to 3 weeks till today," he said.
[141] In his victory speech, Brown said "I'm Scott Brown.
Another critical event in the Brown surge was his debate performance on January 11.
"[143] After the debate "people's seat" became a rallying cry for Brown supporters.
as one of five days that shaped his presidency.
[citation needed] However, Brown stated that he didn't believe that it was a referendum on Obama.
Barekamutyun (Armenian: Բարեկամություն) is a Yerevan Metro station.
This article about an Asian railroad station is a stub.
This Armenia-related article is a stub.
This Asian rapid transit article is a stub.
Boo of the Booless is the debut album of Nigerian singer Chike.
It was released on February 14, 2020.
[1] Chike enlisted Ogaga Sakpaide to A&R the album.
The album is 14-tracked and has a total listening time of 46 minutes.
[3] It includes folk, R&B, afro-pop, alternative pop and highlife tracks.
It features three artistes; Ric Hassani on "Nakupenda", M.I.
Abaga on "Forever" and Zoro on "Watching Over Me".
"Beautiful People" was released in 2018.
It is described as an alternative song from the depths of Ireland.
"Finders Keepers" is a merger of alternative rock riffs with African guitar chords.
Chike performed a fast-paced version of this song at his album listening party on February 16, 2020.
He released visuals for "Nakupenda" (featuring Ric Hassani).
The video tells a love story using colourful aesthetics and a dramatic storyline.
It portrays Chike as a rich client, who competes with a photographer for the love of a female model.
It was directed by Ani James and Aje Film Works.
It was listed as a top Nigerian album of the year 2020.
[2][8] It was rated 9.8/10 by Motolani Alake of Pulse Nigeria.
It was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2020 Headies Awards.
Chike was also nominated for the best vocal performance for "Forgive".
All tracks are written by Chike
It charted at number 14 on MTV Base Naija hottest albums of 2020 chart.
Nagareddipet is a village in the Kamareddy/Medak border.
Medak Town is around 21 km from Nagareddipet.
Mr V. Venkatram Reddy has two sons, Mr. V. Jagapathi Reddy and Mr. V. Sanjeeva Reddy.
He was known for his generosity and kindness during his tenure.
He has sold his own property, leave alone earning money when in power, to help people.
This article about a location in Telangana is a stub.
He was known as "the Sweet Singer of Israel".
He composed many popular Hasidic melodies.
He was famous for composing the traditional Hungarian Hasidic tune "Szól a kakas már".
His exact place of birth is uncertain, most probably he was born either in Nagykálló or Szerencs.
He composed many popular Hasidic Nigunim (melodies).
Often he adapted Hungarian folk songs, adding Jewish words, by that transforming it to sacred songs.
He was famous for composing the traditional Hungarian Hasidic tune Szól a kakas már.
Szól a kakas már, majd megvirrad már.
Zöld erdőben, sík mezőben sétál egy madár.
De micsoda madár, de micsoda madár!
Sárga lába, gyöngy a szárnya, engem oda vár.
Ha az Isten néked rendel, a tiéd leszek már!
De mikor lesz az már, de mikor lesz az már?
„Jibone háMikdos, ir Cijajn tömálé,” akkor lesz az már.
[De miért nincs az már, de miért nincs az már?
„Mipné chátoénu golinu méárcénu,” azért nincs az már.]
The rooster is calling already, it will be dawn soon.
In a green forest, in a flat field a bird is walking.
But what a bird, but what a bird!
Its leg is yellow, its wing is pearl[-like], it waits me [to go] there.
If God destines [me] for you, then I will be yours!
But when it will be, but when it will be?
“Yiboneh haMiqdosh, ir Tziyayn temaleih,”[5] it will be then.
[But why isn't it already, but why isn't it already?
“Mipnei chatoeinu golinu meiartzeinu,”[6] that is why not already.]
Forest, O forest, how vast are you!
Rose, O rose, how distant you are!
Were the forest not so vast, My rose wouldn't be so far.
Who will guide me out of the forest, And unite me with my rose?
Then he sang it as Rabbi Leib Sarah's heard it.
Exile, O exile, how vast are you!
Shechinah, Shechinah, how distant you are!
Were the exile not so vast, The Shechinah wouldn't be so far.
Who will guide me out of the exile, And unite me with the Shechinah?
Another famous song by the Kaliver Rebbe is Sírnak, rínak a bárányok – also in Hungarian.
In Skolnik, Fred; Berenbaum, Michael (eds.).
Farmington Hills: Thomson Gale.
Magyar Zsidó Lexikon [hu] (in Hungarian).
{{cite encyclopedia}}: CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
This article about a Danish Olympic medalist is a stub.
This biographical article related to Danish artistic gymnastics is a stub.
Another way of expressing PoS is:
In particular, if the optimal solution is a Nash equilibrium, then the PoS is 1.
Thus, PoS = 1 while PoA = 1/5.
On the other hand, the price of anarchy is about n {\displaystyle n} in this game.
Network design games have a very natural motivation for the Price of Stability.
In these games, the Price of Anarchy can be much worse than the Price of Stability.
Consider the following network design game.
Consider two different equilibria in this game.
This equilibrium is indeed optimal.
Here is a pathological game in the same spirit for the Price of Stability, instead.
The cost of unlabeled edges is taken to be 0.
However, there is a unique Nash for this game.
Eventually, the agents will reach the Nash equilibrium of paying for their own edge.
Note that by design, network design games are congestion games.
Then the price of stability is less than B / A {\displaystyle B/A}
Now recall that the social cost was defined as the sum of costs over edges, so
The organization began as The Amputation Club of British Columbia.
However, it later became The War Amputations of Canada, eventually shortening to the War Amps.
They play their home games at the Jaime Morón León stadium.
This partnership lasted until 1989.
The 1992 season ended with the club placing last and being relegated to Primera B.
[7] There they faced Deportivo Cali, losing both matches to end as tournament runners-up.
[9] Since then, they have stayed in the second tier of Colombian football.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Year 93 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.
Avellaneda Park (Spanish: Parque Avellaneda) is a public park in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Opened in 1980, the freeway's toll plaza takes up much of what was the park's southern section.
She was born Audre Trupin on December 26, 1923, in Syracuse, New York.
There she attended Nottingham High School.
[1] She graduated from Ohio State University, as B.S.
In 1945, she married Henry F. Cooke (1922–2005),[2] and they had three children.
Pinny Cooke became active in social and charitable work, and entered politics as a Republican.
This article about a mountain, mountain range, or peak in Nordland is a stub.
Eosentomon dusun is a species of proturan in the family Eosentomidae.
This Eosentomon article is a stub.
Roseville Area High School (RAHS) is a public high school in Roseville, Minnesota, United States.
RAHS is the only comprehensive public high school in Roseville Area School District 623.
RAHS occupies the site of a high school known as Alexander Ramsey High School.
The community built on the sold land is now known as Owasso Hills.
From 1987 to 1997, RAHS had only 10th–12th grades, with 9th grade at Roseville Area Middle School.
On completion of the construction in fall 1997, the 9th grade was moved to RAHS.
RAHS is a member of the Suburban East Conference.
It provides students with many varsity athletic opportunities.
Carolyn Jess-Cooke was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland in 1978.
She has four children and lives outside Glasgow.
[2] Prominent themes in Jess-Cooke's work include trauma, motherhood, and feminism.
Jess-Cooke now publishes her fiction as CJ Cooke.
Bootle Oriel Road railway station is a railway station in Bootle, Merseyside, England.
It is located on the Northern Line of the Merseyrail network.
It became part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR), on 14 June 1855.
Both platforms can be accessed via ramps or lifts.
There is car parking for 4 cars and secure cycle storage for 24 cycles, plus toilets and a payphone.
Sunday services are every 30 minutes in each direction.
The club currently play in the J2 League, Japanese second tier of professional football league.
The club based in Nikaho, Akita, was founded in 1965.
They were promoted to the Tohoku Regional League in 1982.
They played in the Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1985 and 1986.
They were the only club in Tohoku region competing in the JSL.
In 2006, they won the Tohoku Regional League championship for the fifth straight year.
The team has announced that it would separate from its parent company and join the J.
League if the club's final yearly standing should ever allow promotion.
Later in 2010 the club's name was changed to "Blaublitz Akita".
Blau and Blitz mean blue and lightning in German respectively.
The club moved to Akita City[1] and entered the J3 League for the 2014 season.
The club finished 8th in each of its first two years in the professional competition.
The club practices at the adjacent Akita Sports Plus ASP Stadium and Space Project Dream Field.
[5] Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
The following players have won the awards while at TDK/Blaublitz:
Blaublitz Akita's main active supporters' group is called the Blue tasu Akita.
The official team mascot is a 8-year-old Ryūjin, named Blaugon and wears #00.
TDK and NEC Yamagata first met in 1990 in old Tohoku regional football league.
Josef Werndl was a famous Austrian arms producer and inventor.
His most famous rifle design was the M1867 Werndl-Holub.
He also owned the Steyr-Mannlicher from 1855.
This biographical article about an Austrian engineer, inventor or industrial designer is a stub.
Braja Kishore Prasad Sinha (1909-1996) was an Indian politician.
He was also a member of the Constituent Assembly of India.
This article about an Indian National Congress politician from Bihar is a stub.
Notable people with the surname include:
Convicted is a 1938 American/Canadian action film directed by Leon Barsha.
The screenplay by Edgar Edwards was based on the Cornell Woolrich story Face Work.
This article related to a Canadian film of the 1930s is a stub.
This article about an action film is a stub.
It was chosen as Picture of the Year at the Japan Academy Film Prize in 2006.
Drunk, and smitten by Hiromi, Chagawa accepts custodianship of the boy.
It also won the audience award at the 2006 New York Asian Film Festival.
This is a list of nicknames in the sport of basketball.
It doesn't support .xlsx format.
Java Excel API supports Excel documents with versions Excel 95, 97, 2000, XP, and 2003.
These documents hold the extension .xls.
Java Excel API is widely used with Selenium.
Sample code to write to an Excel file might look like as follows:
The first match of the season was played on May 21, 2016, and ended on October 30, 2016.
[2][3] In the Second Division, the York Region Shooters B defeated Toronto Atomic FC B 2-1.
[5] Meanwhile, SC Waterloo acquired their third Second Division regular-season title.
[7][8] The Shooters produced an eleven-match undefeated streak that lasted until August 14.
[10][11] In the postseason York Region was eliminated in the second round to a penalty shootout.
In the playoffs, Ukraine United reached the semifinals.
The third position was clinched by Scarborough SC by a single point difference.
[16] The season cemented the eastern Toronto side as a contender within the division.
The remainder of the table was contested between Hamilton City SC, Brantford Galaxy, and Milton SC.
[29] They would also field senior teams in the newly formed CAF Supergroup Open Division.
London City's franchise rights were transferred to Hamilton to become Hamilton City SC.
SC Waterloo Region was voluntarily relegated to the Second division.
Of the 10 teams that played in the Second Division in 2015, four returned.
British driver Tony Brooks finished third in his Ferrari Dino 246.
[2] Brooks's third-place finish clinched the title for Brabham.
However, he was not the youngest to win a World Championship race.
A win would seal it for Brabham, or just finishing in front of Stirling Moss and Brooks.
And have you guys got a surprise waiting for you!
Why, on every turn I'll blow you right off the road!"
The Cooper team soon realized they could not explain things to Ward.
You might be faster on the straights, but when it comes to turns you just won't have a chance.
Sebring's a lot of turns, isn't it?"
The rear-engined cars sped through the turn, while Ward seemed to almost come to a stop.
Afterward, Ward shook his head and said, "I've got to hand it to you.
Those European buggies sure take corners fast!"
What had really happened with Schell did not come out until after the race.
The stop cost him two minutes, and proved to be unnecessary.
Brabham took the lead from Moss while his teammate McLaren followed in second for most of the race.
As the last lap began, Trintignant was only four seconds behind the two leaders.
McLaren, surprised to see Brabham slowing, lifted his foot and slowed as well.
Cooper also claimed its first Constructors' Championship, the first for a rear-engined car.
With his victory, McLaren became the youngest ever Grand Prix winner at age 22 years, 104 days.
In addition to his prize money, he also won several acres of land adjoining Sebring Lake.
The next year, he would try again, on the opposite coast, in Riverside, California.
Colette Peignot (October 8, 1903 – November 7, 1938) was a French writer and poet.
Her writings are full of fury, improprieties, and suffering.
Highly implicated in the early communist movement, she used her life as a tool of emancipation.
She died at age 35 of tuberculosis.
[1] Her remains were interred at the cemetery in Fourqueux.
They were therefore published under the name "Laure".
Members of the 26th United States Congress were chosen in this election.
This American elections-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The village belongs to the Pays de Bitche and to the Northern Vosges Regional Nature Park.
This Arrondissement of Sarreguemines geographical article is a stub.
In 1841, Kneeland moved to the Wisconsin Territory, settling in Milwaukee.
Kneeland was credited with helping to found the Milwaukee Gas Light Company.
Kneeland was a member of the Wisconsin Territorial Council from 1845 to 1846.
From 1867 to 1868, he was Tax Commissioner of Milwaukee.
Only clubs of the 2016–17 Azerbaijan Premier League are included.
In: Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Out: Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
The large Lepidoptera family Hesperiidae (skippers) contains the following genera:
Parincea is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania.
This Bacău County location article is a stub.
This brought him into conflict with Henry Dundas.
However he did serve on a number of committees including the Secret Committee, the most powerful.
In May 1809, when he was aged 82, he was disqualified from further service.
[5] Field Place he sold shortly after 1808 to George Smallpeice.
[12] Though she had nine children, none had offspring.
This is a list of Honorary Fellows of Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge.
A list of current honorary fellows is published on the college's website at Honorary Fellows
The trademarked name "Droodle" suggests "doodle", "drawing" and "riddle".
[4] There was also a droodle-based game called "Mysteriosos" on HBO's Braingames.
Price's other captions for that drawing include "Mother pyramid feeding her baby."
Pictures in a similar style feature in The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupery.
Its topics addressed the influence of mobile technologies on business and society.
[8] The 2011 conference drew more than 700 people from all over Southeastern Europe.
The 2012 conference was held on October, 1.
Next edition of Digitalk is scheduled for June 3, 2013.
It will be focused only on topics related to technology startups.
The EOS-1 is a 35mm single lens reflex (SLR) camera body produced by Canon.
It was announced by Canon in 1989, and was the professional model in the range.
The camera also had a successor, the Canon EOS-1N, in 1994.
The original EOS-1 was launched in 1989.
On a physical level the EOS-1 resembled the T90, which had been designed for Canon by Luigi Colani.
The EOS-1 had a single centrally-mounted autofocus point, plus basic weather sealing.
At the time of its creation, The Canon EOS-1 was placed at the top of Canon's EOS camera line.
The fixed eye-level pentaprism viewfinder has 100-percent vertical and horizontal coverage.
Shutter speeds range from 30 seconds to 1/8000 of a second in all exposure modes.
The camera weighs in at 890 grams loaded with a battery.
There were two versions of the Canon EOS-1 available on launch.
The HS option was mainly used for sports and wildlife photography.
The EOS-1 was discontinued in 1994 with the arrival of the EOS-1N.
Pellicle mirror | APS-format | Eye controlled focus See also: Canon EOS digital cameras
Vetala Bhatta was a Sanskrit author from ancient India.
He is included among the legendary Navaratnas (group of nine scholars) of Vikramaditya's court.
This article about a poet from India is a stub.
Yoshinori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Yoshinori can be written using many different combinations of kanji characters.
The name can also be written in hiragana よしのり or katakana ヨシノリ.
"Ice Cream/Frozen Dessert") is a 2001 Japanese mystery novel written by Honobu Yonezawa.
It is the first volume of the Classic Literature Club (古典部, Koten-bu) series.
Five additional volumes have been published between 2002 and 2016.
The fictional Kamiyama High School is based upon the real life Hida High School.
They begin to solve various mysteries, both to help with their club and at Eru's requests.
A seventh novel has been confirmed by the author on Twitter.
[8] Short stories are published in Kadokawa Shoten's Yasei Jidai magazine.
Each of the novels has an English subtitle, most of which reference other detective novels.
Kadokawa Shoten published 15 tankōbon volumes from April 26, 2012[16] to July 25, 2023.
[17] The manga's first twelve volumes adapted the first four novels, same as the anime series.
A sequel series started in the August 2019 issue of Shōnen Ace.
It was produced by Kyoto Animation, covering four volumes of the novel.
In October 2017, it was reported that the novels have 2.05 million copies in print.
Ethnic breakdown of Pantai Remis's electorate as of 2022[1]
This Malaysian location article is a stub.
Methyl pyruvate is the organic compound with the formula CH3C(O)CO2CH3.
This colorless liquid is the methyl ester of pyruvic acid.
It has attracted interest as a prochiral precursor to alanine and lactic acid.
[1] It is prepared by esterification of pyruvic acid.
This experience informs her detailed, animate drawings of Inuit Nunangat.
[22] She has exhibited frequently with Feheley Fine Arts and Marion Scott Gallery in Vancouver.
Marcos Bristow is an Indian former badminton player.
He was the silver medalist in the badminton at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in the Men's Team event.
The company acquired and distributed feature films, television series and specialty programming.
Millennium Entertainment was 60% owned by production company Nu Image.
Exclusive Media Group owned 20% and Prentice Capital owned the remaining stock.
Television series released by Alchemy include The Cosby Show, Baywatch, and A Different World.
[9] In December 2015 Bill Lee exited the company as CEO.
In February 2016 Alchemy laid off 40 employees, equaling 40% of the company's entire staff.
[11][12] due to liquidity issues.
[19][20][21][22][23] The last of their acquisitions, Zeroville, wasn't released until 2019.
Alchemy filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy on June 30, 2016.
[25] All employees were released following the bankruptcy.
Alchemy's remaining film library is currently owned by FilmRise.
It is named after the historic region Cappadocia in present-day Turkey, where it was used.
The Cappadocian calendar reflects the Iranian cultural influence in the region.
[10] Over time, local language changes resulted in different local versions.
[11] Other than that, these calendars are almost identical.
Approximately 1,600 people live in the village and its hinterland.
[1] It is situated on the N25 national primary road and the R632 regional road.
Examples of these structures are to be found in the vicinity of the village.
A reference dated 1364 records that "Richard Kerdyf holds the land of the whole Ville of Martyre".
FitzEdmund eventually submitted to the Earl, but he did not recover his lands.
Instead, the property shared the fate of other properties after the Desmond Rebellion.
FitzEdmund himself was arrested in 1585 and died in Dublin Castle in the following year.
By the early 17th century the FitzGeralds were a spent force.
After Orrery's death in 1679, his title was passed on to his oldest son.
He was elevated to the peerage in 1756 as Baron Castlemartyr, Viscount Boyle, Earl of Shannon.
Richard carried out further extensions to the mansion house.
Almost a quarter of what they once had been.
The War of Independence also affected the village.
The unarmed RIC men were bundled into a nearby farmyard where they were blindfolded and handcuffed.
The volunteers removed all military equipment from the barracks without further opposition.
The car he drove was sometimes used to convey officers of the local IRA Battalion.
Almost immediately, gunfire began.
In the exchange of fire, one police officer was killed and the other was also hit.
Though injured, Heffernan managed to start the car and drive it away.
The documentary Charlie Is My Darling depicts a brief sequence of these events.
[25] Castlemartyr Enterprise Centre is housed in the former 19th century national school.
There are several pubs in the village, as well as a greengrocers and small supermarket.
51°55′N 8°03′W﻿ / ﻿51.917°N 8.050°W﻿ / 51.917; -8.050
She previously taught and performed research at the University of Washington in Seattle.
Marilyn swam with Phoenix's well-known Dick Smith Swim School during her early swimming career.
The Schlueters would both coach Arizona collegiate swimming, and train Olympians in their careers.
[2][13][14] She also set a new U.S. record in the 220-yard freestyle in 1964, at 2:17.3.
She represented the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
At the 1965 Maccabiah Games she won gold medals in both the 200-meter and 400-meter freestyles.
Ramenofsky, who is Jewish, was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1988.
His work has had parallels with Marilyn's own research.
Fluorine solidifies at −220 °C (−363 °F)[4] into a cubic structure, called beta-fluorine.
This phase is opaque and hard, with close-packed layers of molecules, and is denser at 1.97 g/cm3.
Solid fluorine received significant study in the 1920s and 30s, but relatively less until the 1960s.
At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 5 families.
This Chaypareh County location article is a stub.
On the island some former female students are just gathering in a luxury hotel.
William tells them to observe Derek Simmons very closely.
In the following night, the next student dies.
Amanda Calvin is lured outside to the pool by a phone call and falls victim to the unknown murderer.
They just had sex and now they are questioned.
The cops get to know the background of the series of murders.
Five years ago, Rachel Kincaid committed suicide by falling from a bridge in her car.
He has gathered the students in the hotel to take revenge for his sister's death.
It is the fifth anniversary of Rachel's suicide.
Kristen suspects Megan and threatens her with a pistol.
Kristen is able to expel the killer, but accidentally shoots at Seska.
Newman just arrives in time to stop the killer who really proves to be Simmons alias Kincaid.
With the help of a photo, the detective realises that the case is not yet complete.
As he has been intimate with the photographer Tayler Cameron before he recognizes her necklace.
She is a sister of Rachel and Derek.
Now she overwhelms Kristen and threatens to strangle her.
When Newman intervenes, she escapes to a rock over the pool.
She stabs a knife in her body and falls down into the water.
The cop just wants to announce the next corpse, but she attacks him.
Newman shoots Taylor in self-defense.
When they arrive at the police station, the cop Sam reveals to be another brother of Rachel.
It was shot in the United States in summer 2002 in Hawaii and on Hawaii Kai in Honolulu in O'ahu.
[3] The film based on a screenplay from the writers Sean O'Bannon and Kimberly A.
Fred Olen Ray says there were two versions, one adult, and one for the family market.
Jay Richardson played the role (a detective) in the adult version.
The film premiered on 3 January 2003 as direct to video production.
[7] It was published and distributed by Artisan Home Entertainment in Santa Monica, California.
[1][2] The award was introduced in 1976.
[3] As of 2011, total 175 sports personalities won the award.
Each awardee is entitled to a gold medal and twenty thousand taka in cash.
T. C. Vijayan is an Indian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA).
This article about a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politician is a stub.
The Bengaliinae are a subfamily of Calliphoridae, or blow flies.
This article related to members of the fly family Calliphoridae is a stub.
This Mauritian biographical article is a stub.
This article about a Church of England bishop is a stub.
61 Ford Mustang for Kaz Grala.
All race cars are built at the Fury shop in Mooresville, North Carolina.
Grala was released by JGL on May 15, 2018 with his No.
24 team shutting down, and JGL cut back to one car.
61, which was chosen in honor of Richie Evans.
[10] In the team's debut at Charlotte Motor Speedway, they finished an impressive 10th.
This article about an Australian actor is a stub.
The cellphone and electricity coverage is patchy but is intact.
It has a large colonial and gold mining history making it a special place to explore.
Various adventure operators exist and they provide an interesting glance at history and lifestyle.
People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 11.4, compared with 27.1% nationally.
The median income was $29,000, compared with $31,800 nationally.
21 people (10.8%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally.
[5] The school was built on the present site in 1897.
This biographical article related to a New Zealand cricketer born in the 1970s is a stub.
Conrad Theodor, or Coen van Oven (September 21, 1883 – May 4, 1963), was a Dutch painter.
[1] The following year he was a member of the drawing academy in Brussels.
[1] In the winters he took lessons from the painter Jan Veth in Bussum.
He is known for his characteristic portraits of family members and landscapes.
[1] He was a member of Arti et Amicitiae and the group called De Onafhankelijken.
[3] It was originally published on September 15, 2014.
The Tatra T.101 is a two-seat monoplane general aviation aircraft that was built in 1937 by Tatra.
Only one aircraft was built, but it set several records in the hands of Jan Ambruš.
In 2008 a replica aircraft was constructed by brothers Ivo and Jiří Sklenář.
It first flew in October 2009.
In 1937 the Tatra T.001 was the first aircraft designed and built by Tatra.
Only one aircraft was built by Tatra, msn 01.
The Tatra T.101 gained a number of records.
In 1937 a prize was offered for the longest flight by an aircraft of Czechoslovakian origin.
This was later raised to 7,470 metres (24,510 ft).
After the Velvet Revolution of 1989, citizens in the Czech Republic and Slovakia gained new freedom.
One of these projects was the re-creation of the Tatra T.101 by twins Ivo and Jiří Sklenář.
They were discovered in the state archive at Opava.
The process was hampered by the non-availability of spare parts, particularly cylinder valves.
A new two-bladed wooden propeller was one of the first items made for the aircraft.
The aircraft has modern avionics and a strobe light.
The 13.00 metres (42 ft 8 in) span wooden wings are a one-piece unit.
They were built by Jan Tobek, an ultralight aircraft maker.
The wing is the largest wooden wing built in the Czech Republic since the end of World War II.
The aircraft was completed on 29 September 2008.
The replica aircraft was given msn 02.
Data from Aeroplane, April 2012,[2] and/or the Aviators website.
It is composed of a single village, Câmpulung la Tisa.
To the southwest is Piatra Săpânței Peak (941 m (3,087 ft)), in the Oaș Mountains.
It is traversed by national road DN19 [ro], which runs from Oradea to Sighetu Marmației.
This Maramureș County location article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Since its foundation, the university has had four rectors.
At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 17 families.
This Nur County location article is a stub.
It is located in the village of Gravvik.
The church seats about 290 people.
Hideo Ogata (尾形英夫, Ogata Hideo, (c. 1934 – 25 January 2007)) was a producer and planner in Japan.
[2] Ogata assisted in the founding of Studio Ghibli.
[3] Ogata died of stomach cancer on 25 January 2007 at the age of 73.
[4] Hayao Miyazaki read the eulogy at his funeral.
This article about one or more people who work in the anime industry is a stub.
Within 20 years, a new architectural plan engulfing the Vaux building was already being executed.
[7] The architectural sculpture on the facade is by Karl Bitter.
The modernistic glass sides and rear of the museum are the work of Roche-Dinkeloo.
Kevin Roche was the architect for the master plan and expansion of the museum for over 40 years.
The roof garden offers views of Central Park and the Manhattan skyline.
[16] The garden was opened to the public on August 1, 1987.
Every summer since 1998 the roof garden has hosted a single-artist exhibition.
The roof garden has views of the Manhattan skyline from a vantage point high above Central Park.
[22] The views have been described as "the best in Manhattan.
"[23] Art critics have been known to complain that the view "distracts" from the art on exhibition.
"[26] The café and bar in this garden are considered romantic by many.
Dandu Mailaram is a village in Rangareddy district in Telangana, India.
It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
It has a great history in Kakatiya Rulers.
Singhama Bhupala Constructed the historical Shivalayam in Dandumailaram Village.
Shiva Lingam and Nandeeshwara status attract the attention of people.
Nagarjuna Sagar state Highway as well as Hyderabad-Vijayawada National Highway.
Ramoji Film City is just 10 km away from the village.
Dandumailaram village also has a government hospital.
This article about a location in Ranga Reddy district, Telangana is a stub.
It was directed by Patricio Guzmán and screened out of competition at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
This article about a biographical documentary film is a stub.
This article related to a Chilean film is a stub.
He was elected for one term in 1994, with 462 votes, coming in third.
[1] He served on the Environment & Agriculture and State-Federal Relations committees.
This article about a New Hampshire politician is a stub.
At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 16 families.
This Sarab County location article is a stub.
Rau is an administrative ward in Moshi District of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania.
The ward covers an area of 3.8 km2 (1.5 sq mi),[1] and has an average elevation of 897 m (2,943 ft).
[2] According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 9,137.
This Kilimanjaro Region location article is a stub.
[1][2] In the 1600s Hadiya regained its independence and was led by a Garad.
[3] By 1850, Hadiya is placed north-west of lakes Zway and Langano but still between these areas.
It could raise an army of 40,000 cavalry and at least twice as many foot soldiers.
Hadiya was likely part of the domain of the Sultanate of Shewa and linked to the Harla.
[6] Before the pagan Kingdom of Damot's invasion led by Sidama.
The earliest surviving mention of Hadiya is in the Kebra Nagast (ch.
94), indicating that the kingdom was in existence by the 13th century.
Amano was encouraged in this by a Muslim "prophet of darkness" named Bel'am.
Garaad Mahiko then sought sanctuary at the court of the Adal Sultanate.
He was later slain by the military contingent Adal Mabrak, who had been in pursuit.
Lebna Dengel lists it in his letter to Manuel I of Portugal as being apart of his realm.
The Imam was said to have received a warm welcome and hospitality from the Muslim populace.
Emperor Sarsa Dengel suppressed a rebellion by Hadiya leader Garad Aze at the Battle of Hadiya.
[27][24] Hadiya are related to the Harari.
All Saints Church is in Raby Road, Thornton Hough, Merseyside, England.
All Saints was built in 1867–68, and paid for by Joseph Hirst.
It was designed by the Huddersfield architects John Kirk and Sons.
[3] It was consecrated on 5 May 1868 by the Rt Revd William Jacobson, bishop of Chester.
In addition he paid for a school and school house at Raby, a village nearby.
[4] In the early 20th century a vestry was added by Jonathan Simpson.
The church is constructed in rock-faced red sandstone with dressings in lighter stone.
[5] It is roofed in slate with a red tile ridge.
[2] Its architectural style is Geometrical, and it has a cruciform plan.
The tower has angle buttresses, two-light windows and clock faces.
[4][5] At the top of the tower is a cornice with pinnacles, and two tiers of lucarnes on the spire.
The west window has five lights.
In the transepts are three-light windows with a spherical triangle window above.
The chancel has a three-light east window, and two-light windows along the sides.
There is a lancet window in the organ loft, and a three-light window in the vestry.
[4] The stained glass includes the east window of 1868 by Clayton and Bell.
[5] In the south transept is an ornate Gothic monument to Joseph Hirst who died in 1874.
[2][5] The original pipe organ was made by Gray and Davison.
[4] This was replaced in 1912 by a two-manual organ by Norman and Beard.
It was revoiced in 1985 by George Sixsmith.
He is Lord of Storm's End and Lord Paramount of the Stormlands.
This brings him into conflict with his older brother Stannis, whose claim is greater.
Renly Baratheon is portrayed by Gethin Anthony in the HBO television adaptation.
Renly Baratheon is the younger brother of King Robert and of King Stannis.
He is described as disdainful of reading, although he enjoys hunting and jousting.
Renly is also a closeted gay engaged in a relationship with Loras Tyrell.
Renly is mostly a background character in the novels.
Renly Baratheon is the youngest of the Baratheon brothers and Lord of Storm's End.
He is described as handsome and charismatic, winning friends easily.
Renly serves on Robert's council as Master of Laws.
Before he can march on the capital though, he hears Stannis is besieging Storm's End.
His major advantage -- and why he gets on well in the world -- is that he gets on well with people.
He is not fond of fighting or bloodshed, and would rather make friends than kill enemies.
However, Ned refuses, so Renly, Loras, and their followers flee south.
He leads his massive army slowly through southern Westeros, biding his time.
[1] The album was said to be heavily influenced by The Smiths.
No clear process of invention took place.
It is still quite popular and is found in French cookbooks.
Lectures, recitals, concert and céilithe are open to the public.
Students are children or teenagers as well as adults.
All are mixed within classes according to level of musicianship on a particular instrument.
Classes are held in different venues: schools, hotels, and private houses.
Depending on the student's wishes, it is possible to change teachers during the week.
Teachers are chosen for their expertise and many are renowned exponents of Irish music and song.
Craic agus ceol: "fun and music" in Irish, is a frequent description for the atmosphere.
This audience does not necessarily attend classes.
The squadron's crest is a crossed rifle and sword surmounted by a wedge-tailed eagle in flight.
The unit was formed on 7 April 1945 in Morotai.
It was originally designated as "2 Aerodrome Defence Squadron" (2ADS).
After the end of the war, on 29 October 1945 the squadron was disbanded.
On 4 July 2013, the RAAF's security capability was reorganised.
[2] Subsequently, 2AFDS was renamed No.
It was released on 13 April 1984.
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
[3][4] The song "Ilam Kadhal Veenai Isai Padum" is set to the raga Mayamalavagowla.
Bryant was born on February 11, 1832, in Templeton, Massachusetts.
[1][2] He attended Norwich University.
[1] At Norwich, he was a roommate of George Dewey, who went on to become Admiral of the Navy.
[3] On September 27, 1858, Bryant married Susie A. Gibson[4] and they had three children.
Before long, he was given command of the 12th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment.
In 1880, Bryant became Quartermaster General of the Wisconsin National Guard.
In 1898, he was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly.
In 1900, he was elected chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.
He died on February 16, 1907,[1] and was buried at Forest Hill Cemetery.
The small crow (Corvus samarensis) is a passerine bird in the genus Corvus of the family Corvidae.
It is endemic to the Philippines.
It has two subspecies, one found in the northern Philippines and one found in the south:[3]
This Corvidae-related article is a stub.
He played as a fullback, wing and a centre.
Phelps made his first grade debut for Canterbury in 2005 against Manly.
Phelps spent 4 years at Canterbury but mainly played in reserve grade.
In 2008, Phelps joined English side Wigan.
Phelps was released by Wigan in 2010 and signed for Hull F.C.
Phelps signed a two-year Super League contract with Widnes on 20 January 2012.
He returned to Australia in 2015.
Sides one through five of the album consisted of songs taken from the concert.
[6] The suite featured Emmylou Harris and, on a remake of "The Weight", Roebuck and Mavis Staples.
A full forty tracks are taken from the show in addition to rehearsal outtakes.
Twenty-four tracks are previously unreleased.
All songs were written by Robbie Robertson, except where noted.
In 2019, they were elected as the youngest councillor of Nelson City Council.
O'Neill-Stevens is of Māori and European descent, and is of Ngāti Apakura.
In the 2019 New Zealand local elections, O'Neill-Stevens was elected to the Nelson City Council.
Skimmia arborescens is a small tree or shrub.
It is grown as an ornamental plant.
It ranges from the Himalayas to Southeast Asia.
This Rutaceae article is a stub.
David Bradley (2007)[1] considers the following Bisoid dialects to be closely related.
Other Bisoid languages include:
Phongku may or may not belong as the same group as Laoseng, Phongset, Cantan, and Singsali.
Muda is also noted as having a Bisoid substratum and Akha superstratum.
Khongsat and Laoseng have Siloid loanwords.
[1] He last played for the ZSC Lions in the National League (NL).
[2] He chose to complete his junior career in North America.
Pettersson returned to Frölunda HC on a one-year contract for the 2007–08 Elitserien season.
He made his professional debut and scored his first goal on September 24, 2007, against HV71.
[2] He scored 20 goals and improved to 38 points in 58 games in 2009–10.
[7] He scored 11 goals and 32 points in 67 games for Chicago before again returning to Frölunda.
[4] Appearing in 47 games with Donbass in 2012–13, Pettersson scored 7 goals and added 6 assists.
He signed with HC Lugano of Switzerland’s top-flight NLA in November 2013.
He received NLA Forward of the Year honors that season.
As a junior, Pettersson made three appearances with the Swedish under-20 team.
He had two points in seven games for the bronze medal-winning Swedes.
He returned for the 2013 World Championship where he scored seven points in nine games.
This article incorporates public domain material from "Ethelwulf, Mount".
Geographic Names Information System.
United States Geological Survey.
This Alexander Island location article is a stub.
Dalbergia setifera is a low growing shrub in the family Fabaceae.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
This Dalbergia-related article is a stub.
The construction permit for this station was first issued in 1990 to Dickey Broadcasting.
The first assigned call letters were WUIA and then WMHE; neither were ever used.
This was due to confusion surrounding whether doing so would compromise FCC regulations.
Dickey Broadcasting already owned WWWM-FM (now WQQO) and WWWM 1470 (now defunct).
"The Buzz" was a hybrid format of harder-edged alternative rock, numetal, and album-oriented rock.
The station quickly became popular, and in June 1996, added "The Howard Stern Show."
"Double the buzz 106.5 west 97.3 east" was one of the station's slogans.
The station was sold to Cumulus Broadcasting in early 1999.
The Howard Stern Show was dropped in early 2000.
The call letters were changed from WBUZ to WRWK.
The first song on "The Zone" was "I'll Be Here Awhile" by 311.
The stations were re-branded as "106.5 The Ticket", only mentioning 1470 at the top of the hour.
The callsign was changed to WTOD in September 2016.
It represents the country in international under-23 (under age 23) men's basketball competitions.
Tilloclytus baoruco is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily.
It was described by Lingafelter in 2011.
[1] It is known from the Dominican Republic.
This Cerambycinae article is a stub.
[2] The company was later leased by the Brooklyn-Manhattan Transit Corporation.
The line closed on August 12, 1948 and was demolished some time later.
This list of jewellery types is a listing of most types of jewellery made.
This article about a castle in Iran is a stub.
Wikipedia does not have an article on "gongoozle", but its sister project Wiktionary does:
Read the Wiktionary entry on "gongoozle"
In 2007 she served as a member of jury for the Governor General of Canada's Literary Awards.
[2] His brother Yang Fuqing[dubious – discuss] also later became a Taiping military commander.
[8] From May to November 1850, Yang once again claimed to be deaf and mute.
[10] According to this tale, only by suffering his illness was Yang able to redeem others.
Yang was further named "East King" as one of the five kings.
He devised an extensive network of spies to root out the intrigues of loyalists in the kingdom.
[12] By the 1850s, Yang had become the most powerful leader of the Taiping Rebellion.
Yang took control of the city.
City residents were ordered to return to work.
Many of the basic laws and regulations were issued during this period of Yang's control.
In August 1856, Yang defeated the government troops besieging Nanking.
Arrogance over victory, however, led to his downfall.
He believed that images of dragons were not sacrilegious.
Yang plotted to take the throne.
[16] Hong, viewing Yang's request as treasonous, alerted the three generals to return at once.
[17] At this point, six thousand of Yang's followers remained in Nanjing.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 20% approval rating based on five reviews.
This article about a romantic musical film is a stub.
This Haut-Rhin geographical article is a stub.
American Classic Race wins:Preakness Stakes (1990)
With Summer Squall, in 1990 Neil Howard won the second leg of the U.S.
This American horse racing biographical article is a stub.
[1] Like all other vipers, it is venomous.
The snake is found in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran in the Zagros Mountains.
Results of such polls for municipalities in the Community of Madrid are displayed in this article.
Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead.
If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages.
It was the first naval-air battle of World War II.
At dusk ten Polish warships left Gdynia for Hel, located on the other side of the bay.
There, the ships were to start the minelaying operation.
That afternoon a German reconnaissance aircraft spotted Gryf.
Within half an hour a German airstrike was organized and launched.
The German aircraft divided themselves into two groups and attacked.
The Polish ships zig-zagged wildly to avoid being hit.
Concentrated AA fire forced the planes to bomb from a higher altitude.
[1] The air raid was mostly unsuccessful and the Polish vessels suffered only minor losses.
The backbone of the Polish flotilla, ORP Gryf with over 300 naval mines on board, remained unharmed.
However, soon after the first air raid was repelled, the German bombers returned, around 18:00.
The commanding officer of ORP Gryf, Cmdr.
Gryf's executive officer, Lt. Cmdr.
Wiktor Łomidze assumed command.
Fearing that her cargo of 300 mines was a liability, he ordered the munitions be thrown overboard.
After the air raids, the Polish flotilla arrived at Hel.
At night, Wicher, commanded by Lt. Cdr.
He has also worked as a football coach in New Zealand, with Eastern Suburbs.
Royston D'Souza was born on 28 October 1990 in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
He then joined I-League side Mahindra United at the U19 level in 2008.
While with the Mahindra youth team Dsouza was converted into an attacking midfielder.
[3] He later represented Maharashtra football team at the Santosh Trophy.
D'souza made his debut for Salgaocar F.C.
on 12 October 2012 during an I-League match against Shillong Lajong F.C.
at the Nehru Stadium in Shillong, Meghalaya; Salgaocar drew the match 1–1.
In 2013, he joined Mumbai Tigers FC for a season but later loaned out to Sporting Clube de Goa.
In that season, he won Nadkarni Cup, organized by the Western India Football Association.
On 15 February 2014, Dsouza signed for Sporting Clube de Goa on loan from Mumbai Tigers.
With Sporting, he won the 2013–14 Goa Professional League.
He scored his first goal on 6 January 2016 against Air India FC.
[12] He started as a part-time coach while studying at Auckland University of Technology.
He has grown to be part of the core coaching team, currently focusing on Grades 9 & 15.
He works with the club driving strategy, tactics and growth for Youth Football.
He also a part of the ESFC winter league team.
In 2022 season, D'Souza rejoined Eastern Suburbs.
Roy currently leading the club's player development program for 9th and 15th grade boys.
His favorite player is David Silva.
[17] Royston is the brother of Indian footballer Raynier Fernandes.
The Empire controlled the Mediterranean shores and the mountain ranges further inland.
The Romans attempted twice to occupy the Siwa Oasis and finally used Siwa as a place of banishment.
It has particular significance in environmental law cases.
The Canadian Pacific Railway Company, or CPR Co., is a federally incorporated railway company.
[1] Its North Shore line, connecting Montreal to Ottawa, crossed through Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours.
The ditch had become blocked, resulting in an overflow of water onto Gervais's property.
The CPR Co. continued to resist.
Justice Melhiot held that the railway company was subject to the Municipal Code.
Since the Municipal Code predated the Railway Act, he held that the municipal order was valid.
Justice Hall dissented and held that the Municipal Code did not apply.
The CPR Co. then appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, sitting in London.
The Committee gave its decision on March 24, 1899, dismissing the appeal.
Lord Watson gave the decision for the Committee.
[15] The courts have continued to apply that principle.
when visual information can be phonologically encoded).
The results showed that articulatory suppression had impaired time estimation.
In Phase II, the irrelevant speech was either absent or played on the speakers.
Hanley and Shah[6] looked at the role of irrelevant sound effect under articulatory suppression.
During this experiment, participants wore stereo headphones when being tested.
There was a retention interval of 10 seconds between the final item and the recall of target items.
Then, another experiment was performed with the same participants.
dog, cat, mouse) while listening to the story.
However, interpreters are somewhat immune to the effects of articulatory suppression.
During these five seconds, they were repeating the word 'the'.
This procedure was repeated twelve times for each participant.
Researchers found several interesting conclusions from their study.
During their study, they conducted three experiments.
Their study tested participants in their verbal representation in sequential task decisions.
During their first experiment, they created two groups of participants randomly.
A study by Hayes and Chenoweth[15] looks at the role of articulatory suppression in working memory.
The control group had to tap their foot to the metronome as they transcribed the text.
In summary, this study shows how articulatory suppression interfered with verbal working memory.
This Ostrów Mazowiecka County location article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Channatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
This article related to a location in Ramdurg taluk, Belgaum district, Karnataka, India is a stub.
Exostosin-like 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the EXTL1 gene.
This article on a gene on human chromosome 1 is a stub.
Martin Mystère is both the title and protagonist of an Italian comic book.
Dark Horse Comics has published the English version of the series in the United States.
Java is Martin's closest friend and helper.
He is a Neanderthal man found in a lost city of Neanderthals.
Now he mostly follows Martin everywhere, protects and helps him.
Two other antagonists of the series are Loki and Morgan Le Fay.
His companion is Diana Lombard, who is also his long-time fiancée, later his wife.
Mystère is not a womanizer, but he has not always been faithful to Diana either.
Together with Sergej Orloff, he was educated by the guru Kut-Humi.
Murchadna lost its power later, but showed up a few times more.
The group was founded by Adam--an Atlantean agent--after the great war between Atlantis and Mu.
The main aim of the group was to protect mankind from such disasters.
Another secret group called "Elsewhere" is a United States secret government agency.
This group was founded by Thomas Jefferson.
Their aim is to save mankind and collect and hide secret and marvellous things.
Sometimes they fight The Men in Black, but sometimes they work together.
They protect and hide them, until mankind is ready to learn.
He has taught Martin and Sergej on spiritual issues.
He shows up when needed and guides Martin.
Also Martin meets Peter Pan in London.
Peter explains the truth about Neverland.
He and his crew came to Neverland during the late 1790s.
Also Tinker Bell is the fairy guardian of the temple.
Martin meets Merlin in Stonehenge and also visits Avalon and Tír na nÓg.
The animated television series Martin Mystery (2003–2006) is very loosely based on Martin Mystère.
On October 10, 2023, it was announced a new animated series is currently in the works.
This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1920s is a stub.
agents as they fight to stop Hydra from bringing an ancient Inhuman through an alien portal.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's films.
The episode was written by Jeffrey Bell, and directed by Vincent Misiano.
When Will trips, Fitz stops to help the wound on his leg, only to find its bone exposed.
Coulson overpowers Ward and crushes his chest with his prosthetic hand, killing him.
The team return to air base where Simmons hugs Fitz over the loss of Will, and Lincoln kisses Daisy.
Coulson shares a look with Fitz, referencing to the death of Ward on Maveth.
[1] Hines and Green did not receive guest star credit in the episode.
Underwood, Zimmer, Raba, Boothe, and Dacascos reprise their roles from earlier in the series.
[2][3][4][5] Dillon Casey also guest stars, reprising his role as Will Daniels from "4,722 Hours".
McCreary called the episode "a crossroads between old and new storylines.
"Maveth" was first aired in the United States on ABC on December 8, 2015.
It was watched by 3.85 million viewers.
Zanzibar was the first country in East Africa to introduce the steam locomotive.
The railway saw service until the Sultan died in 1888 when the track and locomotive were scrapped.
The Bububu Railway plied six or seven times a day to Zanzibar Town.
The service was extremely popular and largely used by the native population.
Europeans resident in Zanzibar regard the railway with an amused tolerance.
Wherever the rails were placed, metal poles were installed and power lines strung overhead.
By 1906, Stone Town had electric street lights.
In 1911, the railway was sold to the Government, and by 1922 the passenger service ceased.
As roads improved and motor vehicles on the island increased, its popularity diminished.
This Szczecinek County location article is a stub.
The N13 road connects Azrou to Meknes in the north west and Midelt in the south east.
Azrou urban construction is in the European style (red tile roofs).
Generally, Azrou experiences a warmer climate than Ifrane, because the city is at a lower altitude.
Thus, winters are moderately cold and snowy, but without substantial accumulation.
Summers are hot and moderately dry, which are noticeably wetter than in Ifrane.
The city signed a protocol of cooperation with Blois in July 2011[10]
Stand Clear of the Closing Doors is a 2013 drama film directed by Sam Fleischner.
This 2010s drama film–related article is a stub.
Start Packing is the debut album by Run On, released in 1996 through Matador Records.
"[8] The Stranger deemed it "some of the most complex and beautiful work of the era.
All tracks are written by Run On
TJ Mladosť Kalša is a Slovak football team, based in the village of Kalša.
Updated 11 July 2020 Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Club colours are yellow and black.
Had international caps for their respective countries.
Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Mladosť Kalša.
This article about a Slovak football club is a stub.
In 2002 King of the Cage held 9 events, KOTC 7: Cold Blood.
Her personal best in the 400 indoors is 52.62 seconds whilst outdoor it is 52.84 seconds.
She was disqualified in the final of the AAA Outdoor Championships.
She was injured for the 2007 AAA Outdoor Championships.
In 2007, she won silver in the 400 metres in the AAA Indoors.
In 2007, she was ranked 7th in 400 metres and 5th in 400 metre hurdles.
2008 saw her finish 7th in her heat and drop to 112th in the 400m rankings.
Duck took part in no competitive races in 2009 or 2010.
Emma's profile on the Power of 10 website
This biographical article relating to English athletics is a stub.
where γ̇ is the shear rate, T is temperature and μ0, n and b are coefficients.
The model can be re-written as
This physics-related article is a stub.
It is organized by the association Esprit d'Europe in Paris.
The European Book Prize was founded by France Rouqe, Luce Perrot and François-Xavier Priollaud.
The prize is worth 10,000 euros to each winner.
The first two years saw only one winner who received 20,000 euros.
The ceremony was held at the European Parliament in Brussels on 5 December 2007.
Swedish crime fiction writer Henning Mankell handed the prize to the winner.
He gave reasons to believe in European constitution.
Fortunately, in the end a solution was found with the treaty, that was approved.
The area is northeast of Riffe Lake.
Glenoma was originally named Vern and briefly as Verndale.
[2][3][4] The official date of the creation of the town is unknown.
The first covered swimming pool in Lewis County opened in Glenoma in 1961.
Students in the town are served by the White Pass School District.
The Glenoma Elementary school was built in the 1920s.
Elementary students in the area began attending Randle Elementary School in 2004.
This Lewis County, Washington state location article is a stub.
Carl Schulz (11 August 1901 – 9 March 1971) was a German international footballer.
[1] This species is a tropical snail found on limestone cliffs.
The snails were named after Páll-Gergely's wife, Dominika.
[3] It was considered the “world's smallest snail”.
[4][5] However the current record holder, discovered in early 2022, is Angustopila psammion.
[6][7] Angustopila dominikae grows to, at most 0.86 mm.
[9] This species is also extremely small, approximately 10 can fit in the eye of a needle.
[1] Their shells range in size from .6 millimeters to .79 millimeters.
The diet of these snails consists of feeding on microorganisms like bacteria and fungal filaments.
Researchers have only found the single empty shell of this species.
The economy of Monaco is reliant on tourism and banking.
Monaco's economy is now primarily geared toward finance, services, and real estate.
[10] Monaco real estate is known to be one of the most expensive in the world.
Wholesale trade, construction and real estate sectors come afterward in the ranking.
Before the euro, Monaco used the Monegasque franc, which itself was pegged to the French franc.
Now part of the Eurozone, but not the EU, Monaco mints its own euro coins.
All residents pay tax in the form of 20% value-added tax on all goods and services.
Monaco is noted for its activity in the field of marine sciences.
Monaco import and exports products and services from all over the world.
There is no commercial agriculture in Monaco; it is 100% urban.
Monaco levies no income tax on individuals.
In addition, the FIU of Monaco (SICCFIN) suffers a great lack of adequate resources.
The authorities of Monaco have stated that they will provide additional resources to SICCFIN."
The Principality is no longer blamed in the 2005 FATF report, as well as all other territories.
Route 63 begins at Route 116 at the north end of the UMass Amherst campus.
In Erving, Route 63 passes under Route 2 (the Mohawk Trail) without direct access between the two.
Route 63 then heads north into Northfield, passing Northfield Mountain.
There it turned north onto its present alignment, ending at Route 10 in Northfield.
The Elwha Ecosystem Restoration project included the removal of the Glines Canyon Dam in 2014.
The lake was fully drained by October 2012, leaving only sediment upstream of the former dam site.
This Clallam County, Washington state location article is a stub.
Meaghan Morris (born 5 October 1950) is an Australian scholar of cultural studies.
She is currently a Professor of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney.
Born in Tenterfield, New South Wales, Morris was raised in Newcastle, New South Wales.
program in English and French at the University of Sydney.
She received her Doctor of Philosophy in 1996 from the University of Technology, Sydney.
4.0 is a compilation album by Spanish recording singer-songwriter Mónica Naranjo.
The album was released through Sony Music Spain and Legacy on May 6, 2014.
This 2010s pop album-related article is a stub.
This 2010s electronic album-related article is a stub.
The mechanism of topical delivery includes the diffusion and metabolism of drugs in the skin.
In these ancient cities, topical medications like ointments and potions were used on the skin.
[5] The wide use of topical drugs leads to the advancement in topical drug delivery.
They used those products as a protection for their skin from the sun and dry environment.
The newer development of topical drugs occurred between 130 and 200 AD.
This development was made by Claudius Galenus, a Greek physician.
He first loaded the herb medication to Western medicine and formulated it as cream.
After some years, observations were made from various experiments.
The human body's largest organ is the skin layers, which protects against foreign particles.
Each of these layers have an effect on the absorption of topical drug.
[9] With this barrier, stratum corneum affects the permeability of topical drugs.
When drugs are applied to skin topically, the drug molecules will undergo passive diffusion.
Diffusion is described by a mathematical equation.
The skin membrane is the area (A) for the topical drug molecules to travel across.
There are three routes possible for the drugs to cross the skin.
The first route is through the appendages.
For the paracellular route, it means that the solutes transport via the junction between the cell.
[9][1] On the other hand, the topical drug molecules may travel through the transcellular route.
This route allows molecules to be transported via the cell.
This phase includes glucuronidation, sulfation, and acetylation.
It is found that phase two activities are lower than phase two in the skin.
To reduce such an effect, the topical drug needs to remain on the skin for a shorter period of time.
[1] The first factor is the weight of the drug molecule.
[14] The third parameter is the pH level of the skin.
[14] These factors are vital to determine the permeability of topical drug delivery.
They are known as carriers and can be classified into nanoparticles, liposomes, and nanoemugel.
[15][17] For example, a drug like amphotericin B, is used to treat fungal infections.
Nanoemulgel is another type of enhancer for delivery of topical drugs into the skin.
[16] Also, the formulation of nanoemulgel with methoxsalen is used to treat psoriasis.
The carrier enhances both the penetration and accumulation of methoxsalen in the skin layers.
[21] There are several types of micro-needle, the first one is solid micro-needles.
The solid micro-needles are used to project into the skin.
Once the needles are removed after insertion, the topical drugs are applied to skin.
This enhances the ability of drugs to diffuse across the viable epidermis.
The second type is the dissolvable micro-needle.
The third type of micro-needle is the swell-able micro-needles, which consist of hydrogel.
[4][23] It is found that micro-needles are safe and effective in enhancing skin permeability.
Euchlaena deplanaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
Adults are on wing from February to October.
This Ennominae-related article is a stub.
Novello Novelli (2 March 1930 – 10 January 2018) was an Italian character actor.
Novelli died in Poggibonsi on 10 January 2018, aged 87.
Missionary Man is British comic strip.
In 1998 the strip transitioned to the weekly 2000 AD.
Some of the stories have been collected into a number of trade paperbacks:
The Salt Lake Tribune is a newspaper published in the city of Salt Lake City, Utah.
The Tribune is owned by The Salt Lake Tribune, Inc., a non-profit corporation.
The newspaper's motto is "Utah's Independent Voice Since 1871."
Harrison and Edward Tullidge, who disagreed with the church's economic and political positions.
Sometimes vitriolic, the Tribune held particular antipathy for LDS Church president Brigham Young.
In the edition announcing Young's death, the Tribune wrote:[4]
He was illiterate and he has made frequent boast that he never saw the inside of a school house.
Eventually, the parent company became Kearns-Tribune Corporation.
The company began an evening edition in 1902, known as The Salt Lake Telegram.
The Telegram was sold in 1914 and reacquired by the Tribune in 1930.
On weekends, Gallivan traveled by bus to Elko, Nevada, to oversee the construction beginnings.
Gallivan remained as Tribune publisher until 1984, and chairman of the board until 1997.
For almost 100 years, it was a family-owned newspaper held by the heirs of U.S.
However, in the interim TCI was merged with AT&T Corporation.
Two staffers were also removed from their positions as Tribune reporters.
[17] It is the first major (and first daily) U.S. newspaper to become a nonprofit.
The newly nonprofit paper also developed a variety of new projects.
Media related to The Salt Lake Tribune at Wikimedia Commons
Valoris (1963 – after 1982) was a French-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
She was well beaten in two subsequent starts and was retired from racing at the end of the year.
She later had considerable success as a broodmare.
At the end of her racing career, Valoris was retired to become a broodmare for her owner's stud.
[1] She produced at least nine foals and four winners between 1968 and 1982:
The independent Timeform organisation awarded Valoris a rating of 120 in 1966.
They are a member of the Patriot League.
Listed in the order that they were released.
The Raiders were picked to finish in first place, receiving 12 of 14 first-place votes.
This college football 2010s season article is a stub.
The 2011 edition was cancelled by the NZRL due to a high number of injured New Zealand players.
This rugby league competition article is a stub.
[1] It was later endorsed by General Assembly resolution 3348 (XXIX), of 17 December 1974.
The prevalence of hunger and malnutrition is an issue that has long been of international concern.
It is believed that today, one in every nine individuals do not have an adequate access to food.
The Declaration in itself is 12 paragraphs.
A number of these paragraphs are worth further consideration.
The following resolutions were adopted to attempt to fulfil the purpose of this Declaration:[16]
At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 33 families.
This Shazand County location article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
He was born on 16 September 1720 in Fano, region of the Marche.
Carlo was the son of Francis Magini, a goldsmith.
His mother, Elizabeth Ceccarini, was the sister of the painter Sebastiano Ceccarini.
Little is known about the details of the life of Carlo.
It is possible he trained with his uncle Sebastiano.
Sebastiano Ceccarini asked to be allowed to bring his nephew to help.
Carlo Magini was present in Rome in 1742 and in 1743.
Their eldest daughter Francesca was born on 30 March 1750.
He remained active in his hometown where he died in 1806.
He was also recorded, but far less recognized, as a portrait painter.
His compositions appear simple, but are typically very artfully composed.
Media related to Carlo Magini at Wikimedia Commons
Montague Gardens is an industrial area in Cape Town with a population of only 22 residents.
Neighbouring suburbs include Milnerton Ridge, Milnerton, Edgemead, Bothasig and Summer Greens.
This Western Cape location article is a stub.
Premiere shows and film festival screenings are not considered as releases for this list.
The firm was established in 1919 and is based in the town of Horwich, Greater Manchester.
This article about a manufacturing company in the United Kingdom is a stub.
He notes the German translations of the Iliad and Odyssey into hexameters by Johann Heinrich Voss.
As of August 2023, Larson's total live tournament winnings exceeds $500,000.
Narrillos del Rebollar is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain.
According to the 2006 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 63 inhabitants.
This article about a location in the province of Ávila, Spain, is a stub.
Neanisentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Eosentomidae.
This protura-related article is a stub.
The men's 60 metres event at the 1988 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 5 March.
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
First 3 from each semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
[8] In turn, Smolyakov was removed from the event on October 4 and was replaced by Anthony Hamilton.
Wieczorek is a supporter of Ruch Chorzów, a Lechia Gdańsk rival team.
Promotional newcomer Przemysław Mysiala was expected to face Jimi Manuwa at the event.
Teemu Packalén was expected to face Marcin Held at the event.
However Packalen pulled out of the fight on October 5 citing a knee injury.
[14] He was replaced by promotional newcomer Nasrat Haqparast.
Trevor Smith was expected to face Ramazan Emeev at the event.
However, Smith pulled out of the bout in early October citing injury and was replaced by Sam Alvey.
[17] He was replaced by promotional newcomer Salim Touahri.
At the weigh-ins, Alvey missed the middleweight limit of 185 pounds, coming in at 189 pounds.
He was fined 20% of his purse and his bout with Emeev proceeded at a catchweight.
The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses:[21]
Charlotte Constance Wahlström (17 November 1849 – 22 February 1924) was a Swedish painter.
Wahlström was born in the parish of Svärta in Södermanland, Sweden.
She was the daughter of Anders Wahlström and Carolina Setterberg.
[2] She attended the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts in Stockholm.
In 1889, she spent a period in the artist colony in Barbizon.
She was awarded a bronze medal at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St. Louis, Missouri in 1904.
[3] Wahlström died in 1924 in Stockholm and was buried at Norra begravningsplatsen.
Her art is characterized by prominent landscapes often with motifs from Skåne.
Pangodi Lake is a lake in Kambja Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.
The area of the lake is 93.3 hectares (231 acres) and its maximum depth is 11.1 metres (36 ft).
The elevator is constructed of hollow red clay tiles.
The elevator stands on the north side of US 64 and is in disrepair.
This article about a property in Oklahoma on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub.
This Oklahoma state location article is a stub.
They excelled and each were given an office at court.
They were employed as official court poets, performing their poetry at court festivities.
In 791, Song was given charge of the office of accounts and books.
She also wrote a book about female morality.
KCAB-LP was owned by Central Arizona Broadcasting, LLC.
In 2009, KCAB filed an application to return to channel 47 as a digital channel.
Currently, signal coverage is limited to Casa Grande only.
The station closed after the FCC denied the digital application.
KCAB-LP aired most of the schedule from America One television.
Local programming included a newscast at 6:30PM and 10:00PM called News 28 Prime.
Other local programs included Rox Tales, Travel Talk, Community Conversations and Sandi's Show.
[1] Sports features included home basketball games from Central Arizona College in nearby Coolidge.
Hollyhurst is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States.
This article about a location in Kanawha County, West Virginia is a stub.
He was known for his military perception.
Jerstad was a softball coach at Augustana College from 1977 to 2003.
With 1,011 wins, she is in the National Fastpitch Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
This South Dakota politician-related article is a stub.
(Tanzania itself did not introduce television until 1994).
As of December 2013, there are 5 private stations and 3 government-owned ones in the country.
From 2000 onwards, India also encouraged new private stations.
Star TV, which was based in Hong Kong, expanded to other areas in Asia.
Satellite and cable television is relatively new in Asia, but is a growing industry.
Australian television began in 1956, just in time for the Melbourne Olympics.
A purely commercial network, Three is owned by Warner Bros.
Sky Network Television operates a digital satellite TV service.
This service is delivered via Sky's satellite service.
The United Kingdom was an early adopter of private television, launching the ITV network in 1955.
Most countries had two to six national broadcasters in the days of analogue television.
Digital television has however allowed the number of terrestrial channels to multiply.
The largest commercial European broadcaster is the Luxembourg-based RTL Group.
Channels available to all of Europe include Euronews and Eurosport.
Television has reached a great expansion in all the Latin American scope.
In countries like Mexico or Brazil, one or two networks claim almost all the audience.
In countries like Nicaragua or Peru, television had a troubled history.
The largest commercial television groups are Mexico-based Televisa and Brazil-based Grupo Globo.
In Canada, there are a number of national networks, including four main networks for English Canada.
The other three, CTV, Global, and Citytv are privately run.
TVA and APTN, however, are available on cable in all Canadian markets.
Notable examples include CBC Newsworld, TSN, MuchMusic, Showcase, and The Movie Network.
Most stations procure other programming, often syndicated, outside of prime time hours.
PBS is the U.S.'s public broadcaster.
Limnaecia loxoscia is a moth of the family Cosmopterigidae.
It is known from Australia, where it has been recorded from New South Wales.
This article relating to the subfamily Antequerinae is a stub.
De Rosen also served as a diplomat for Poland.
Jan Henryk converted to Catholicism in 1903.
and is often used in history textbooks today.
[This paragraph needs citation(s)]
[This paragraph needs citation(s)] De Rosen served as a translator at the Paris Peace Conference.
During the 1930s, De Rosen taught at the Lwów Politechnic University (Lviv Polytechnic).
He also completed decorations for the Polish Pavilion at the World's Fair.
Pope Pius XI commissioned De Rosen to paint murals in his private chapel at Castel Gandolfo.
Other murals and mosaics created by de Rosen may be seen at
De Rosen is said to have used Dutch beer to liquify the wax.
Kim Dong-young (born 1988) is a South Korean actor.
This article about a South Korean actor is a stub.
Nieuwe Wetering is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland.
It is a part of the municipality of Kaag en Braassem, and lies about 10 km east of Leiden.
The village was first mentioned in 1343 as "Nuwe Weteringhe", and means "new waterway".
Nieuwe (new) has been added to distinguish from Oude Wetering.
This South Holland location article is a stub.
Anne Floriet (born 1 June 1963) is a successful French paralympic athlete in the Biathlon.
[1] Floriet also won two bronze medals at the shorter biathlon event and the 10 km skiing event.
This article about a Paralympic medalist of France is a stub.
This biographical article relating to French cross-country skiing is a stub.
This French biographical article relating to biathlon is a stub.
On 8 June, Harrogate Town announced their first set of pre-season fixtures.
Win Draw Loss Fixtures
Last updated: pre-season Source: [ Soccerway]
On 23 June, the league fixtures were announced.
Harrogate were drawn at home to Stockport County in the first round.
On 23 June, the group stage draw was finalised.
Lake Yenişehir ( Turkish: Yenişehir Gölü, aka Lake Reyhanlı) is a small lake in Turkey.
Its distance Reyhanlı centrum is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi).
It is fed by underground water.
[2] The lake is an artificial lake .
It was formed in 1865 [3] to reduce marsh land and later to provide water to the city.
Now the lake is a popular picnic area of Reyhanlı citizens.
It is in the north east of the district,[1] in the hills above the Jhelum Valley.
The main language spoken is Pahari.
[4] Usually the population is served by the Arja Rural Health Center in Bagh.
The main areas of the village include:
This Pakistan location article is a stub.
[6] Located in the foothills of the Ozark Mountains.
It is home of Rogers State University.
This was within what was known as the Cherokees' Cooweescoowee District.
Around 1802, bands of Osage Indians settled in this area of what is now northeastern Oklahoma.
Black Dog was the chief of a band that settled at Pasona, where Claremore later developed.
He shared power with chiefs Clermont (aka Claremore), and Pawhuska.
At the time of the attack, most of the men were out of the villages to hunt bison on the plains.
Accounts differ as to whether chief Clermont was killed in the raid.
The Rogers family, for whom the county is named, were among the first European-American settlers.
He and other members of his family were buried at the Will Rogers Memorial.
A post office was established on June 25, 1874.
The coming of railways to Indian Territory was the driving factor in early growth.
Two early lines intersected in the center of town.
The town changed the spelling of its name from Clermont to Claremore on September 19, 1882.
A clerk recording the town as having a post office had spelled the name incorrectly, and it stuck.
The town was incorporated in the Cherokee Nation on May 2, 1903.
It is the oldest business in Rogers County.
They believed bathing in such springs to have medical benefits.
He later branched into the mercantile business, real estate, and oil exploration.
Local physician Dr. W. G. Williams tested the water and marketed it as a cure.
Eaton built a bath house and promoted the pool area as Radium Town.
[10] Radium Town was centered on 9th Street between Seminole and Dorothy.
Only one was still standing as of 2008.
The building is standing and is currently being renovated.
Renovation work on the downtown was completed in 2007.
The Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Oklahoma!
[12] The Quantum Leap season 3 episode "8½ Months" is also set near Claremore.
The movie Where the Heart Is fictionally portrays Rogers County and the area surrounding Claremore.
[14] Claremore lies near the Verdigris River with undulating terrain producing hills and valleys.
Claremore experiences a humid subtropical climate with cold winters and hot summers.
Claremore is a major intersection of heavily traveled highways.
Interstate 44 crosses the town to its southeast.
State Highway 88 and State Highway 20 intersect within the town.
The population density was 1,319.4 inhabitants per square mile (509.4/km2).
There were 6,784 housing units at an average density of 563.9 per square mile (217.7/km2).
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.02% of the population.
The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.02.
For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.
Males had a median income of $36,227 versus $21,742 for females.
The per capita income for the town was $17,853.
The university serves more than 4,300 students.
It is the only public four-year university in the Tulsa Metropolitan Area.
Claremore is also home to one of four campuses of Northeast Tech, a vocational training school.
The first school in the Claremore area was opened to students in 1870.
The building was used as a school for almost 80 years, until 1999.
The increasing costs of maintenance of the old building forced its closure.
Claremore's economy is diversified.
Baker Hughes, an oil field services company, has a large presence in the town.
Together with several other large companies, it is located in Claremore Industrial Park.
Claremore has a website called moreClaremore.com, which focuses on positive community journalism.
It also features the central community calendar for the area.
[25] As of September 2020, the Claremore Daily Progress only publishes two print editions a week.
(note that mauve colour for #3 denotes "district" rather than a specific item)
This leaves Iwashiroshimizu as the final station bearing the name of the former province.
Iwashiroshimizu Station has one above-ground side platform serving a single bi-directional track.
It is staffed in the morning and evening on non-holiday weekdays.
There is a proof-of-departure ticket machine and a beverage vending machine located at the station.
Iwashiroshimizu Station was opened on June 21, 1925, as Shimizuyakubamae Station (清水役場前駅).
[2] It was renamed to its present name on December 29, 1944.
Media related to Iwashiro-Shimizu Station at Wikimedia Commons
On 7 February 2023 Seytkhalilov joined another Ukrainian First League club Metalurh Zaporizhzhia.
João Sousa was the defending champion.
Blaž Kavčič won the tournament by defeating Sergiy Stakhovsky 6–3, 2–6, 6–2 in the final.
This article incorporates public domain material from "McClinton Glacier".
Geographic Names Information System.
United States Geological Survey.
This Marie Byrd Land location article is a stub.
Nadine Rohr (born 29 June 1977) is a Swiss pole vaulter.
Her personal best throw is 4.30 metres, achieved in August 2003 in Baden.
This is the current Swiss record.
This biographical article relating to Swiss athletics is a stub.
and receive short updates about them in their feed.
Wavii's team was primarily former Last.fm, Microsoft, and Amazon engineers.
Following the acquisition Wavii's team relocated from Seattle to the San Francisco Bay area.
This Google-related article is a stub.
Mark Fraser Landon was adopted in 1956, aged 8, by the 20-year-old actor Michael Landon.
Mark's biological mother was Michael's then wife, Dodie Levy-Fraser.
It aired a few months after Michael Landon died.
Mark also had a small role as a Navy SEAL in the 1997 movie Goodbye America.
West Hollywood sheriff's investigators stated that there was no suspicion of foul play.
Holland held a named chair at MSK, the Wayne E. Chapman Chair in Psychiatric Oncology.
[1] She was a co-editor-in-chief of the journal Psycho-Oncology.
The ACS awarded her its Medal of Honor for Clinical Research in 1994.
Holland died of complications of cardiovascular disease on December 24, 2017, at the age of 89.
Juan Enguera (died 1513) was the Grand Inquisitor of the Crown of Aragon from 1507 to 1513.
Juan Enguera was born in Valencia in the fifteenth century.
A member of the Dominican Order, Enguera rose to become a confessor of Ferdinand II of Aragon.
Enguera was appointed Bishop of Vic on 19 December 1505.
Enguera died in Valladolid on 14 February 1513.
This article about a Spanish Catholic bishop or archbishop is a stub.
[7] Finally, this line was opened in 2004.
[8] This track including Sitalpur railway station was electrified in 2012–13.
This article about a railway station in the Indian state of West Bengal is a stub.
Rao has composed music for three Telugu movies; Sapthapadi, Viswamitra and Bhadram Koduko.
He started playing basketball with Adana Çınarlıspor.
He moved to the Banvit junior team in 2008.
In early years, he played for the junior, star and youth teams of Banvit.
In the summer of 2014, Geçim moved to Banvit first team.
On June 24, 2019, he has signed 2 years contract with Turkish giants Anadolu Efes.
On November 21, 2022, he signed with Tofaş of Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL).
Zeilleriidae is a family of brachiopods belonging to the order Terebratulida.
It is open daily 8 am to sunset, weather permitting.
The park has several lakes, camp shelters with charcoal grills, and playgrounds.
This article related to camping is a stub.
This article about a location in Guilford County, North Carolina is a stub.
exerted by the parent in an attempt to provide evolutionary benefits to the offspring.
[1] Therefore, it is a measure of the benefits versus costs of engaging in the parental behaviors.
[1] This parenting strategy is common in birds.
This maternal behavior is unique from all other vertebrate classes.
[4] There are three main categories of newborn maturation that different species of mammals exhibit.
This variation in maturation at birth requires different maternal care from the mother.
Precocial young are born with a highly developed sensory and motor system.
[4] They will reject other young who try to nurse from them.
[4] This is essential for their success and fitness.
Primates are born with intermediate maturation of altricial and precocial species.
[7] There are also some species that are viviparous, giving birth to live young.
[8] Eggs can be fertilized either internally or externally depending on the species.
Frogs have developed many different maternal behaviors across varying species.
[10] Some species have also been observed oxygenating their eggs by moving them around occasionally.
[10] Frogs of the genus Hemiphractus carry their eggs around on their back until they hatch.
[7] Some frogs, such as poison dart frogs, will lay unfertilized eggs for her clutch to eat.
[12] Viviparous caecilians also give birth to altricial young.
[13] Most reptiles are viviparous, although oviparous reptiles do exist.
[1] Nile crocodiles however, are the exception to this.
Birds belong to a class of vertebrates that are oviparous and exhibit extensive parental behaviors.
Once the eggs hatch, the mother will care for and feed her chicks until they reach maturation.
The majority of fish are oviparous, though there are many that are ovoviviparous and viviparous.
During the brooding period she will not eat and will put all her energy into caring for her young.
The host will then provide care for the invasive young.
This results in them often neglecting to care for their own offspring.
The only vertebrate species to practice brood parasitism other than birds is the cuckoo catfish.
[21] These fish prey specifically on mouthbrooding cichlids.
Diplolaena grandiflora grows to between 0.5 and 3 metres high and has an erect habit.
In a period between late autumn and spring, it produces showy, upright or pendant flowers .
These have a cluster of red stamens in the centre, surrounded by pinkish-red bracts.
Propagation is by cuttings or from seed.
It prefers good drainage and part shade and requires pruning to enhance flower production.
Events from the year 1682 in England.
The gens Ituria was an obscure plebeian family at ancient Rome.
Almost no members of this gens are mentioned by historians, but several are known from inscriptions.
He was born in Liszó, Somogy (today Zala county).
His parents had migrated from the Slovene March (Slovenska okroglina, today Prekmurje).
He worked as a teacher in Nemescsó.
His ordination as a curate was on March 24, 1787, in Puconci and by 1792 he was working in Hodoš.
On July 25, 1792, he arrived in Bodonci.
The date of his death is unknown or uncertain.
He wrote hymns and a sermon in the Prekmurje dialect.
Aspidopleres is an African genus of centipedes belonging to the family Oryidae.
Only one accepted species has been described within this genus:
This myriapoda-related article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
from Cornell University Medical College[5] in 1992.
Maki is the author of more than 200 articles, over 150 of which have been peer reviewed.
Kōden-ji (高傳寺) is a Sōtō Zen temple in Saga, Saga Prefecture, Japan.
This Zen-related article is a stub.
The Courant's date of first publication is uncertain.
First Newspaper Establishment in Jamaica.
The mercantile consignments were then publishend, and with facility circulated.
The Courant was published by authority and passed by the censor of colonial Jamaica, Thomas Ridout.
The Courant was usually printed in four sheets of 17 1⁄2 by 22 1⁄2 inches.
[8] The paper's design and format were modified in the 1720s.
[8] Its coverage seems to have remained unchanged throughout the paper's history.
A Courant issue cost 'one bit, or three-half-crowns a quarter.
'[8] Its audience is thought to have comprised mainly Jamaican merchants and planters.
The Courant's date of last publication is uncertain.
Its last issue is generally thought to have been published in 1755.
'[P]itifully few copies' of the Courant 'have survived the ravages of time, hurricane and termites.
[8] In total, only 15 of the paper's issues are known.
He is a 2.03 m (6'8") tall small forward-power forward.
On September 6, 2020, Tsoumanis was loaned out to Eleftheroupoli for the 2020–2021 season.
Tsoumanis played with the junior national teams of Greece.
[2] He also played at the 2018 FIBA U18 European Championship.
This biographical article relating to a Greek basketball figure is a stub.
Robadje is a village in northern Croatia, part of the Štrigova municipality within Međimurje County.
The village is located at the border with Slovenia.
An urbarium from year 1672 mentions a vineyard on Strmec hill[nb 1] (Vinea in monte Stermecz).
[3] The vineyard was in possession of Zrinski noble family.
[5] Manor is located on Kalec hill and is surrounded by vineyards.
Robadje is located in part of Međimurje called Gornje Međimurje.
Robadje is about 23 kilometres northwest from Čakovec, and some 110 kilometres north of Zagreb.
Mađerkin breg, popular viewpoint, is located in Robadje.
[6] Robadje had a population of 159 in 2011 census.
[7] Robadje is experiencing population decline since the 1980s.
Barnes Railway Bridge carries the line over the River Thames.
The line is electrified at 750 V DC (third rail).
The typical weekday service in trains per hour is:
Services are generally operated by Class 707s, operating in 5 or 10-car configuration.
These trains entered service in August 2017.
[1] Class 450, Class 455 and Class 458 units also work the line.
Most stations had platforms lengthened to allow the operation of 10 coach trains from May 2013.
[5] Where this was not possible, selective door opening is used.
A new station may be constructed at Lionel Road, close to Kew Bridge.
The plans are currently at public consultation stage with TfL.
He was the son of Thomas Lewis Dodge and Sarah Harrington.
Dodge married the widow Annie M. Lydiard (née Harrington).
He served as treasurer for Kings County in 1893 and 1894.
Dodge also served as mayor of Kentville.
He died in office in Kentville at the age of 63.
This article about a Liberal party Member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly is a stub.
This article about a mayor in Nova Scotia is a stub.
He is best known for presenting the CBBC children's series Operation Ouch!
[2] with his identical twin brother Chris, and the Channel 4 show How to Lose Weight Well.
Van Tulleken is also a member of the "Made of stronger stuff" podcast on BBC Sounds.
As his descendant, this gives van Tulleken this title as well.
He then went to Somerville College (Xand) at the University of Oxford.
[9] There he studied medicine, specialising in Tropical medicine.
This biographical article related to British television is a stub.
The house was converted to a museum in 1931.
The complex was designated a historic monument in 1938.
[3] This site is served by Saint-Guidon/Sint-Guido metro station on line 5 of the Brussels Metro.
Enclosed by a brick wall, the house consists of several wings.
It now houses the museum's reception.
The ensemble is preceded by an interior courtyard.
In September 1521, he sent these words to the French scholar and humanist Guillaume Budé:
(...) Anyway, this rustic life does me so much good that I am now willing to repeat it every year.
[4] Furthermore, there are various sculptures, historical furniture, as well as a study centre.
Special exhibitions and cultural events also take place there on a regular basis.
A room overlooking the garden, which was Erasmus's study.
A seat and writing desk recreate the atmosphere of the time.
In the middle of the ceiling hangs an impressive wrought iron chandelier.
They have now been replaced with copies.
Another showcase contains books redacted by ecclesiastical censorship.
Pieces of frescoes, which probably lined the top of the room, have also been saved.
The gardens of the Erasmus House date from different periods.
In 1987, the landscape designer René Pechère [fr] created a garden of medicinal plants.
In 2000, the landscape architect Benoit Fondu created a philosophical garden.
The garden furniture and signage were made by Pierre Portier.
It is now part of the village of Peče.
[1][2] The area is part of the traditional region of Upper Carniola.
The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Goričane lies southwest of the village center of Peče.
Goričane had a population of 20 living in three houses in 1880,[4] and 18 in three houses in 1900.
[5] Goričane was annexed by Peče in 1952, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
This article about the Municipality of Moravče in Slovenia is a stub.
Trochus fournieri Crosse, 1863
The shell grows to a length of 9 mm, its diameter 6 mm.
The small, imperforate shell has an acutely elongate-conical shape.
It is brown or olivaceous, unicolored or punctate or maculate with white.
The spire is straightly conical.
The body whorl is carinate at the periphery.
The base of the shell is coarsely lirate, lirae about 9 in number.
The aperture is small, quadrangular, and smooth within.
The lip is acute, bordered inside by a wide porcellanous band.
The throat is nacreous, brilliant green.
The columella is straight and scarcely truncate at its base.
This marine species occurs in the Indo-Pacific and off New Caledonia.
Major parties are not allowed to participate in the party-list election.
After release of preliminary results, the Liberal Party emerged as the largest party in the chamber.
Its coalition partners also held most of their seats.
Incumbent Speaker Feliciano Belmonte, Jr. was easily reelected as the Speaker of the 16th Congress.
The election for seats in the House of Representatives is done via parallel voting.
A voter has two votes: one for one's local district, and another via the party-list system.
The representatives from the districts comprise at most 80% of the seats.
In determining the winners, the entire country is treated as one "district".
These are the following laws pertaining to redistricting that were passed by Congress.
Only the Liberal Party can win the election outright by placing candidates in a majority of seats.
The Liberal Party did win a near majority of the district seats.
A total of six independents won, one less than in 2010.
These are partial and unofficial.
The seats won are the ones which had been officially proclaimed by the COMELEC.
15th Congress Speaker Feliciano Belmonte, Jr. easily won reelection for the speakership.
There was one abstention, from Toby Tiangco, who wanted to be an independent.
Since there were more than two nominees, the traditional courtesy votes did not push through.
In 2010, former Bangladesh's Foreign Minister Dipu Moni paid a visit to Phnom Penh.
[1] Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen paid an official visit to Dhaka in 2014.
[2] In 2017, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina signed 9 deals in Phnom Penh.
Bangladesh and Cambodia cooperate in various sectors.
[1] In 2013, they signed a visa exemption agreement for diplomatic passport holders.
In 2014, an agreement was signed between Bangladesh and Cambodia on cultural cooperation.
Bangladesh sought long-term land lease for contract farming in Cambodia by Bangladeshi nationals.
Bangladesh is interested in a long-term rice import agreement with Cambodia.
Bangladesh offered scholarships to Cambodian students to Bangladesh Agriculture University.
The two countries jointly perform agricultural research.
Cambodia mainly exports cotton, edible oil, fertilizer, clinker, staple fibre, yarn, etc.
He was appointed by the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw on 30 March 2011.
[3] He was reassigned to the military in September 2012.
At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 9 families.
This Rostam County location article is a stub.
North Aurora is a village in Kane County, Illinois, United States, and a suburb of Aurora.
Per the 2020 census, the population was 18,261.
[8][9] Schneider Elementary School, on the east side of the Fox River, is named after him.
North Aurora was named due to its location north of Aurora, Illinois.
[2] It was formally incorporated in 1905.
North Aurora's own district was absorbed into its neighbor, Aurora, in the early 1960s.
The village has 28 police officers with one chief and two deputy chiefs.
The North Aurora Fire Protection District covers North Aurora.
North Aurora is located in southeastern Kane County.
It is bordered to the south and east by the city of Aurora and to the north by the city of Batavia.
Interstate 88 runs along the southern boundary of the village, with access from Exits 114 and 117.
Downtown Chicago is 38 miles (61 km) east of North Aurora.
[12] The Fox River runs north–south through the village.
Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category.
This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category.
Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.
The population density was 2,051.8 inhabitants per square mile (792.2/km2).
There were 4,220 housing units at an average density of 818.0 per square mile (315.8/km2).
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.68% of the population.
The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.14.
For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.
Males had a median income of $48,579 versus $31,522 for females.
The per capita income for the village was $25,552.
Waubonsee Community College runs Channel 99 WCC ETV, an educational television station
Crassuncus is an Afrotropical genus of moths in the family Pterophoridae.
The genus was erected by C. Gibeaux in 1994 and is currently assigned to tribe Oidaematophorini.
[1] Several of its species were originally described in genus Pterophorus.
This article on a moth of tribe Oidaematophorini is a stub.
Eugène Fournier (1871–1941) was a French caver and geologist.
This article about a French scientist is a stub.
Taiwanofungus is a fungal genus of unknown familial placement in the order Polyporales.
The genus contains two species: the type, Taiwanofungus camphoratus, and T. salmoneus.
Taiwanofungus was circumscribed by Taiwanese mycologists in 2004.
It was first described in 1990 by Mu Zang and Ching-Hua Su as a species of Ganoderma.
[2] T. salmoneus, originally placed in Antrodia, was validly added to the genus in 2012.
This Polyporales-related article is a stub.
Fatma Serpil Uludoğan was born in Erzurum, Turkey on June 30, 1950.
[3] She has two children from this marriage.
[4] She became so the first ever female ambassador of Turkey to a country in Central Asia.
[5] She served in Bishkek until September 2009.
In 2012, she was appointed Representative of the Ministry in Izmir serving until 2014.
This Turkish diplomat-related article is a stub.
The Kings Park Sporting Precinct is managed by the City of Durban.
This walkway links the stadium to the Golden Mile beachfront.
Currently, events held in the precinct are dominated by athletics, rugby, and soccer.
The precinct, along with the ICC Durban will be the epicentre of the World Transplant Games in 2013.
The M4 provides road access up the north coast and the M12 to the city centre.
The R102 (M19) runs inland towards Westville.
[3][4][5] The boy sailed to New York in 1816 under the guardianship of Aaron Burr, who adopted him.
The younger Burr moved to the United States after living in Florida and was adopted by Aaron Burr.
[3] This tropical hardwood became widely used in fine furniture.
Aaron C. Burr was married to Mary Coutant (1788–1851).
Aaron and Mary had two daughters and a son:
Aaron C. Burr died in New York City on July 27, 1882.
Apertochrysa sierra is a species of green lacewing in the family Chrysopidae.
[1] It is found in the western United States and Baja California, Mexico.
This Neuroptera related article is a stub.
At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
This Boshruyeh County location article is a stub.
The Bamenda apalis (Apalis bamendae) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and dry savanna.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
This Cisticolidae-related article is a stub.
This biographical article related to Brazilian handball is a stub.
Blue Onion (German: Zwiebelmuster) is a porcelain tableware pattern for dishware.
Originally manufactured by Meissen porcelain in the 18th century and the late 19th Century.
It has been copied by other companies.
The "onion" pattern was originally named the "bulb" pattern.
The Meissen painters created hybrids that resembled flora more familiar to Europeans.
Enoch Wedgwood's pattern in the 1870s was known as "Meissen".
The onion pattern was designed as a white ware decorated with cobalt blue underglaze pattern.
Sometimes dishes have gold leaf accents on them.
Some rare dishes have a green, red, pink, or black pattern instead of the cobalt blue.
A very rare type is called red bud because there are red accents on the blue-and-white dishes.
Hansen was originally from Old Trinity Grammarians and won the Woodrow Medal in 1976.
[1] A defender, Hansen often played on the tall opposition forward.
